As the transmission rate among local residents in each city, 1 reflects the intensity of control measures adopted by each local government at the beginning of outbreak, as well as the awareness of citizens to take protective measures.
1A following vgRNA transfection of mock infected and T3A infected cells is shown.
RISC has an ATP-dependent RNA helicase domain that separates the two strands of the siRNA.
(also see schematics in [83] and [84] ).
author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Whilst, the highest score recorded by participants, regarding their multiple choice answer about viral transmission of MERS was the unhygienic .
We found that growth rates changed slightly with respect to the baseline case; in particular: @ '() = 0.
Additionally, the impact of public containment is captured by the terms proportional to the containment rate κ 0 that is effective in both I and S populations.
As a major traffic hub in central China, Wuhan's capacity to drive significant population flows is driving the accelerated spread of the disease domestically.
This is most likely due to the presence of elements of the (sub)mucosa, including lamina propria immune cells in the tissue sample.
The structural and domain organization of the capping apparatus is very diverse, particularly in viruses (37).
Such variations are a reality in many epidemics (17) .
These two enzymes self-assemble as elongated homomeric filaments, which can only be structurally characterized by cryoEM due to their repetitive and flexible nature.
We therefore quantified the rate of infected cells for each virus (Tupanvirus and Guarani).
The epidemic situation in Hubei will not be completely controlled and eliminated until June 2020.
Biphasic regulation of NF-κB was also previously suggested (21, 28).
As with previous LAMP-OSD assays, the exquisite sequence-specificity of oligonucleotide strand exchange probes ensures signal specificity, while the built-in assay redundancy of the molecular logic processors guards against false negatives.
Considering that the threshold condition generally predicts the final state of the epidemic evolution, Li and Wang [49] studied the relaxation behavior of epidemic spreading before reaching a final disease-free or endemic phase.
The basis for these experiments rests on the notions that (i) the proteins that functionally associate with viral infection (including HCoV) are localized in the corresponding subnetwork within the comprehensive human PPI network [26] ; and (ii) proteins that serve as drug targets for a specific disease may also be suitable drug targets for potential antiviral infection owing to common PPIs and functional pathways elucidated by the human interactome (Figure 1) .
There is a critical need to better understand the host effects of commonly used antibiotics.
Ying and colleges 74 showed the receptor-binding domain (RBD) of SARS-CoV-2 spike glycoprotein (S protein) interacts with ACE2 75 [14] .
Of the seven studies that we reviewed, two of them directly fit their models to cumulative number of confirmed cases.
Similarly, by simultaneously fitting the proposed model (K1) to the cumulative number of reported and tested cases for South Korea, we obtain the estimations for the unknown parameters and initial conditions, listed in Table 1 .
All statistical tests of significance (p-values) were computed and reported from unpaired, two-tailed t-test.
However, comparison of reovirus infection following 434 pre-treatment with either SA or heat shock (HS) suggests that the benefit is independent 435 of SG formation, as both treatments resulted in a robust induction of SGs, but only SA 436 All rights reserved.
24, 25, 26 This phenomenon may also impact studies differently 234 depending on the overall goal for generating viral sequence data.
Of the two target derived loop 166 regions (between the F1c and F2, and the B1c and B2 primer binding sites) the regions between 167
Cough was not usually dry and was often accompanied by white phlegm.
Based on the significantly enriched categories of CSHGs in the above networks, TWIRLS separately constructed models for the complex relationships of each CSHG.
x recoveries on day y) and hence could not be linked to a specific case.
Results using calibration window of 2 weeks and forecast horizon of 4 weeks are presented in the main text.
At present, only countries' 221 vulnerability to China is considered.
The reporter dye 5-FAM was used for the probes.
To estimate how farm density and transport flows may affect transmission rates, we fit the parameters c i and η in the following regression model
To estimate and also to improve the performance of disease response plans on decreasing the morbidity, large-scale computational simulations have been performed extensively to study various types of pharmaceutical interventions [4, 14, 56, 57, 60, 68, [134] [135] [136] [137] [138] [139] , which aid in identifying the targetedgroups and guiding the deployment of limited resources.
Figures 1(a) -(b) illustrate the relevant compartment transitions in the SIS and SIR models, respectively.
The rigidity and flexibility of two recently reported crystal structures (PDB entries 6Y2E and 6LU7) of a protease from the SARS-CoV-2 virus, the infectious agent of the COVID-19 respiratory disease, has been investigated using pebble-game rigidity analysis, elastic network model normal mode analysis, and all-atom geometric simulations.
According to this guideline, two patients in the study were given chloroquine for antiviral therapy.
To further explore the correlation between ACE2 and FURIN expression, we reanalyzed single-cell RNA sequencing (scRNA-seq) data in lung, liver, colon as .
a proportion VE of vaccinees receives complete 38 and the remainder receive no protection), n-fold fractionation can dramatically reduce IAR as 39 long as efficacy VE exceeds 1/n.
For liver function test, severe/critical group had a higher proportion of elevated aspartate aminotransferase (AST) than mild group (32.0% vs 17.2%, p<0.001).
The average sequence similarity between all the five haplotypes is around 93%, which is comparable to the sequence similarity between haplotypes in a mock HIV quasispecies dataset (Jayasundara et al., 2014) .
Twelve (50.0%) cases showed typical findings of chest CT images of ground-glass or patchy shadows in the lungs ( Figure   S2 ).
In contrast, activation of the TNF-a receptor, which is not a GPCR, increased TGF-b2 that was not inhibited by PTX (Fig 5A) .
Table 7 Sequencing summary metrics and metadata for LASV samples from 2018 Lassa fever outbreak in Nigeria.
In fact, it has been 449 reported that Rab1b is able to interact with the N-terminus of GBF1 to modulate GBF1 450 function in the secretory pathway (85).
The third swap test of SARS-CoV-2 was positive 1 week after CT scanning.
5, S6 ).
3) 5' and 3' 111 sRNAs of steady-state RNAs (e.g.
[7] [8] [9] .
Samples were run on a 1% agarose gel with SYBR™ Safe DNA gel stain (Invitrogen) added before casting, the ladder used is the 1 kb DNA ladder from GoldBio.
While 8.79% had contact with people who had travelled from Wuhan, more than 52.75% were local Zhejiang residents with no travel history to Wuhan and Hubei.
The latter indicated a near-exponential growth of the epidemic (Figure) .
5H ), likely because CZW-1 Zw10 is essential for ROD-1 stability [15] .
Explants derived from Pteropus bat trachea 2 (PTC), lung (PTL), and alary membrane skin (PAC) were cultured in gelatin-coated wells either in 3 fibroblast medium (FM) or in ES derived medium (ESM1).
18 , who looked at the global stability of an endemic.
We computed y out of J using a plug-in estimate where the mean of the fraction y1/y2 was /(1 − ), i.e.
The first dataset comes from a MinION cDNA sequencing experiment of ERCC Mix1
The body temperature of patients with liver damage was significantly higher than that of the control group, which may be related to the immune response after virus infection.
This strongly suggests that despite the use of different viral isolates, both our HCS assays and previously published screens reproducibly identified drugs that could be repurposed as potential therapeutic options for patients suffering CoV infections (Dyall et al., 2014) .
Since the number of early reported cases are stable, which appears no sign of the outbreak in January 2020, we consider the sustaining exponential growth might start since February 2020.
We identified 39 studies that included experiments matching our criteria.
We conclude that the bi-transgenic mice, which show increased DUX4-FL expression correlating with the degree of TMX treatment, resemble FSHD patient muscle biopsies, which show increased expression of known DUX4-FL target genes compared with control biopsies [24] .
We compute the fraction of flows from China to any given countryof-interest and determine its effective distance.
Genes that fell within the higher read coverage group 233 had a lower mean heterozygosity (1.09% of bases displaying polymorphism), which is expected as more 234 reads were successfully mapped.
A crystal structure of 11f bound to HCoV-NL63 M pro demonstrated that the P2-Boc group entered the S2 pocket (Fig.
This finding follows from our earlier work establishing that the hierarchical assembly of RNA PKs is determined by the stabilities of individual structural elements [38] .
Rather, the presence of the ExoN activity may serve other purposes in the viral life cycle, which might be connected directly or indirectly to innate immunity.
We further incorporated the results derived from the rigid-body simulations into 3 the mathematical model to compare the viral life cycle in SARS and COVID-19.
Results obtained (Fig.2) revealed extensive mutation among the tested genomes.
Finally, the obtained protein sequences are merged into a single database and redundant entries are removed using seqkit rmdup 56 .
The predictive distributions were compared using two measures of forecasting quality: (i) accuracy, i.e.
The Chinese government took unprecedented measures to fight the new epidemic and those measures raised global controversy for their necessity and effectiveness.
KP NB 1 Impo rtin subunit beta-1
We just mention that the mean generation interval T c is the first moment of the generation interval distribution g(t):
PEG-biotin comprised 2% of the total PEG amount.
In animal viruses for instance, Y motifs in viral glycoproteins have been reported to function as intracellular retention signals (reviewed in Ujike and Taguchi et al., 2015) .
All home-isolated patients were mandated to be hospitalized in the newly built square cabin hospitals, and all people who had suspected symptoms or had close contacts were demanded for mandatory isolation in the quarantine stations.
For predicting ILI incidence for the 2016-17 season, which followed similar trend to the 439 historical average, coupled models that used data augmentation were more accurate 440 than coupled models that did not use data augmentation.
Further work could employ a wider range of diet ratios in 345 order to locate this.
It shows that binding of the 9-amino acridine to the SE-PGQs motif stabilized the G-quadruplex structure and inhibited the movement of replication machinery over the untreated SE-PGQs.
By default, 38 of the 43 alert types are fatal in that they cause a sequence to fail annotation, whereas 5 alerts are reported but not fatal.
Whereas some of the variations may strengthen the interactions between nCoV-RBD and ACE2, others may reduce the affinity compared to that between SARS-RBD and ACE2.
In the subsequent days, outcome could be any of the three: confirmed cases, discharged without COVID-19 infection, or stay in MO.
Other factors, such as overdispersed heterogeneity of the basic reproductive number ( ), did not influence the average effect of symptom monitoring and quarantine, as reflected by a coefficient of nearly zero.
The second term, , is calculated in development contexts and in emergency medicine, but to our knowledge has not been measured for accute infectious diseases (e.g., influenza or COVID-19) or included explicitly in epidemiological models.
As for radiologic presentations, more attention should be paid to the cases without obvious radiological abnormalities on admission, so as to avoid the miss or delayed diagnosis.
4E) , the Zika NS2B Cterminal residues lose the close contacts with its NS3pro domain and become highly exposed to bulk solvent only after 10 ns.
The conversion of adenosine into inosine using ABE may not be 40 detected as efficiently by the DNA repair machinery, therefore increasing the viability of largescale editing.
Although biogeographic concepts, such as the species ecological niches, are commonly used and applied to multicellular organisms (eukaryotes), there is an increased number of studies utilizing the ecological niche concepts and associated analytical tools to investigate relationships between the distributions of unicellular organisms (prokaryotic), or viruses, and a range of environmental factors 8 .
In fact, it has been shown that CR3022 can synergize with other 98 RBD-targeted antibodies to neutralize SARS-CoV (4).
Nevertheless, we conclude that the results obtained with multiple particle tracking correlate well with the results from bulk diffusion in those individual patients tested.
We find an 80% reduction in cases imported from Mainland China to other countries until the end of February.
Similar 159 localization differences between cell lines have been seen previously using the ICV 160 (including MUC1 and MUC5B) (36).
/2020 (2.73, 3 .57)* 9.50 (9.24, 9.75 .
Nucleic acids had been previously extracted and stored at -80C as previously described.
In this study, we aim to accurately estimate the incubation period of COVID-19 by taking advantage of datasets with a well-documented history of exposure.
Therefore, we divided the data into three regions; Wuhan, Hubei Province except Wuhan, and mainland China other than Hubei Province, and it was found that the peak days in the three regions were different.
41, 42 Estimates such as ours may thus be key for determining what parameter values are consistent with past epizootics.