For completeness, an additional experiment was performed to generate the ribosome run-off curve from FLAG epitopes in the HA multi-frame tag.
The authors showed that both FP1 and FP2 increase membrane ordering and proposed that FP1 and FP2 together form an extended FP which acts as a bipartite fusion platform.
The examined SG components included the RNA-binding proteins G3BP2, TIA1, TIAR, FMRP, HuR, and PABPC1, as well as the translation-related proteins eIF3e, eIF3i, eIF3j, eIF4G1 and RACK1, and RPS6 (Fig.
Three studies have found dromedaries to be shedding MERS-CoV RNA despite having high 266 antibody titres months or weeks prior to detectable infection.
A total of six human CoV types were identified to be responsible for causing human respiratory ailments, which include two alpha CoVs (229E; NL63), and four beta CoVs (OC43; HKU1; SARS-CoV; MERS-CoV) 2 .
the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
The mathematical model was deterministic in nature, and especially for projections may under-estimate the variability in the number of cases.
AKT1 is one of 3 closely related serine/threonine-protein kinases (AKT1, AKT2 and AKT3) thought to regulate metabolism and promote cellular proliferation (76) .
Animals possess a variety of molecular factors that effectively sequester essential metals from 35 invasive microbes, contributing to an innate immune function termed nutritional immunity (1, 2).
Due to the COVID-19 epidemic, 594 parents (80.8%) were concerned about the condition of their sick children, 532 of whom (72.4%) said that children with kidney diseases were more susceptible to SARS-CoV-2 because of their low immunity.
A value is attributed to each class and the HCA score is computed as Figure S3 : Disordered regions with low HCA score -example n o 1.
We detected the presence of murine cells in all three derived cell lines by RT-qPCR.
The lead-time of awareness for city is thus defined as:
However, in the 204 context of the replicating MHV68 genome, the CMV-GFP promoter had a Pol II ChIP-seq signal 205 during both MHV68 WT and R443I infection that was not markedly different from several other 206 viral genes (ORFs 4, 25, 48, 52, 72, M11) ( Fig 5C) .
the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Wang et al report one woman who was delivered at 30 weeks for fetal distress (2) .
ONT offers a 'third-generation', portable, real-time approach to generating long-read 77 sequence data, with demonstrated success across a range of viruses [21, [23] [24] [25] .
It has been shown that 523 VSV P protein must undergo phosphorylation-dependent homo-oligomerization to become 524 transcriptionally active (Gao and Lenard, 1995) .
corresponding to the number of victims.
Interestingly, Qucertin with a different structure scaffold and binding affinity also binds to the same pocket.
To obtain the codon usage of coronaviruses, we imported the GenBank annotations of the three coronavirus genomes to SnapGene (GSL Biotech LLC] to export the codon usage table based on the GenBank annotations.
One feature that can be difficult to accurately account for with limited exemplars is time series data.
We 41 therefore hypothesize that genetic data should reflect a lower growth rate and reproduction number 42 than was observed in Wuhan.
95 A Monte Carlo technique is applied to assess the uncertainty in the estimated total number of 96 confirmed cases due to the uncertainty in the reported number cases.
Identify covalent and noncovalent interactions from the atomic geometry of the protein structure using SBFIRST.
A statement that the lead author, H.Y., affirms that the manuscript is an honest, accurate, and transparent account of the study being reported; that no important aspects of the study have been omitted.
It is estimated that approximately 39% of cases outside of Wuhan have been prevented by the travel ban issued on January 23, 2020.
The bacteria were isolated from the positive samples and sequenced with forward and reverse primers described previously to confirm their identity.
Introduction of nicking sites into shuttle vectors containing viral genes.
CC-BY-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Two key concepts emerge from analyses of deterministic models.
Their ratio1s or ratio2s must be above a threshold (e.g.
Horizontal violin plots are colored based on the proportion of rank-associated genes in each category that are more highly expressed in high-ranking individuals, separately for the LPS and Gard conditions.
Thus, if rates of seeking medical care for nCoV were to align with seasonal CoV, the reporting rate for nCoV would approach 4%.
Only when NSP5 is co-expressed with NSP2 and/or 603 VP2, these proteins assemble into the viroplasm-like structures (VLS), which are 604 also capable to recruit additional structural proteins including VP1, VP2 and VP6 605 (8, 10).
From disease control perspective, the major questions here are whether we can i) estimate the waiting time for nCoV to spread to other cities in China; and ii) evaluate the impacts of disease control by cessation of population movement (e.g., lockdown measures) on the outbreak spreading.
2b) , that the data for 10 copies standard plasmids is also significantly different 144 from the negative control from 1h.
Participants were grouped in those who did not 81 become colonized following Spn challenge (carriage-) and those who did (carriage+), as 82 determined by classical microbiology (Fig 1a) .
About 90% of death cases are located in mainland China, where 80% of confirmed cases were also present table1.
The second novel chimeric sequence identified in RNASeq libraries maps to a TRS-B (CUUACCAA) within the coding region of the S gene in Beaudette (nt 21242 -21249).
In particular, it is not clear how heterogenous frameshifting is from one RNA to another, nor is it clear if single RNA continuously frameshift in a constitutive fashion or if instead they frameshift in definable bursts, as has been observed for transcription (Lionnet and Singer, 2012) and 0-frame translation (Wu et al., 2016) .
As the data size (m) is fixed, we can clump the i indices falling within the duration of the j th group ∆ j as α j = i∈κj α i and β j = i∈κj β i .
The structural model of the COVID-19 spike protein receptor binding domain (RBD) in complex with ACE2 was generated by comparative modeling using Modeller 9.18 (27) with the COVID-19 sequence (RefSeq: YP_009724390.1).
Subfigures from A to C denote φ 0 " p0, 0, 0, 0q, φ 0 " p0.1, 0.4, 0.3q and φ 0 " p0, 0.9, 0q at three time points of (Jan 23, Feb 4, Feb 8) respectively.
Similarly, African ZIKV genomic RNA could also be detected using smartphone imaged 4-Plex-LAMP-2GO assays ( Figure 7B ).
Single particle cryo-electron microscopy (cryoEM) is becoming an increasingly important tool in structural biology (Nogales and Scheres 2015; Cheng et al.
Solid lines represent the low end of the cutoff ranges, and the dashed lines represent the upper end of the cutoff ranges.
S is a homotrimeric protein containing S1 and S2 subdomains mediating receptor recognition and membrane fusion, respectively [13] .
Alum adjuvant enhanced the nAb response induced by i.m.
Purifying selection, which occurs 224 when non-synonymous mutations are deleterious, dominated, but we found weaker purifying 225 selection in NS2A and 2K peptide genes, correlating to the Manatee-to-Senegal dN/dS 226 analysis conducted previously.
There are three datasets: simHC, simMC, simLC corresponding to high, medium and low complexity of the metagenomic community respectively.
The other highly pathogenic coronavirus, MERS-CoV is found within lineage C, along with related camel-derived MERS-CoV.
Many subsequent works investigated extensively the epidemic threshold on networks with special topological features, such as degree correlations [48] , small world [49] , community [50] , edge length [51] , and K-core [52] .
We generate 10 3 independent incidence curves randomly according to model 1 with probability P(p * = 1), and compute the ability of each criteria to decipher the correct model, P(p = p * ).
The internal capsule was used to identify the superior and medial borders.
Based on environmental suitability for Ae.
1101 /2020 The red line is the fitted curve by our descriptive model.
Several previous analyses have reported differences in alternative splicing types and levels among different organisms [68] [69] [70] .
[1-4] Soon after, it was confirmed that this pneumonia was caused by infection of a novel pathogen [5] , Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), as recently named by the World Health Organization, and the disease caused by such virus infection, the Corona Virus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) [6] .
(G) Comparative assessments of GTPase activity -normalized to the WT FtsZ -for CTLV4 and ∆CTT.
Under a given intervention policy, we estimate the effective reproductive number (Re) as the average number of infections generated by an infectious individual in the population.
Data was plotted and analyzed 395 in Graphpad Prism.
These results indicate that trypsin digestion is an appropriate choice for detection of these viral proteins.
In December 2019, an outbreak of Corona Virus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) caused by a novel coronavirus (severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2, SARS-CoV-2) began in Wuhan (Hubei, China) and spread rapidly (1) .
It is thus clearly an inferior survival strategy during nutrient scarcity.
Lastly, the N-glycan profiles of the PRVABC59 142 and FLR strains of E expressed in JEG-3 cells showed a lower abundance of highly sialylated N-143 glycans such as the tri-and tetra-sialylated tri-antennary N-glycans (3603.0 and 3964.2 m/z) 144 compared to the virus produced in the C6/36, Vero, THP-1, and SNB19 cells.
The refinement of the structures can convert the low resolution predicted model to high resolution predicted model
Technical Appendix, n = 1, with 2 supplementary tables and 3 supplementary figures 20 .
The speed of an epidemic is characterized by the exponential growth rate r, which measures how fast an epidemic grows at the population level.
When murine hepatitis virus (MHV), a betacoronavirus related to SARS-CoV, was passaged in the presence of nucleoside analog GS-5734, two mutations in NSP12 with partial resistance arose: Phe480Leu and Val557Leu 29 (SARS-CoV NSP12 numbering).
To test 4GO probe function, multiplex reverse transcription LAMP reactions containing all 21 degenerate primers and the degenerate 4GO probe (4-Plex-LAMP-4GO) were spiked with a single type or a combination of all four of the ZIKV synthetic RNA templates NS1, NS3, NS5, and CA.
15 In contrast to the wide variation in the occurrence of non-target tRNAs, we found that target tRNA 16 genes were largely stable irrespective of species' modification status (top row in each panel of Fig.
In general, contact tracing is a highly effective and robust strategy given sufficient resources.
The mice were then decapitated, and the brain was isolated and cut into 200-μm-thick horizontal sections on a vibratome in the ice-cold dissection buffer.
We defined imported cases as those with known travel history from China (of those, 83% had travel history from Hubei province, and 17% from unknown locations in China 1 ).
The 50% cytotoxic concentration (CC 50 ) values were calculated using GraphPad Prism (GraphPad Software, USA).
The maximum number of weekly cases may appear counterintuitive because a lower maximum number of weekly cases is not associated with higher outbreak control.
The red horizontal dashed line indicates the R t = 1 threshold.
Starting from the general features we noted: i) high G/C content is not sufficient per se to generate a high number of G4s, as observed in G/C rich members of Herpesviridae family that are richer of putative G4s than expected.
This yields an R 0 above 2, comparable to current estimates for COVID-19 [6, 7] .
However, testing with MAD1-NTD truncations that we were able to purify, including MAD1 , MAD1 , and MAD1 (327-488) , revealed dramatically reduced MAD2 binding capability of these fragments (Fig.
A total of 413 questionnaires were collected, of which 392 were valid, but 21 of these were excluded because the respondents did not live in Hubei province during the outbreak.
For MHC I and MHC II molecules both 9 mer and 15 mer peptide structures are projected from IEDB recommended prediction method and modeled by peptide modeling algorithm.
Imputed points are show in light blue.
However, the ddPCR assay is more time-393 consuming than real-time PCR and does not seem to be suitable for routine analysis.
Making this approximation allows us to treat the two processes of infection (by contact and by the reservoir) independently.
2-5A binds to the ankyrinrepeat (ANK) domain of RNase L and promotes its oligomerization and formation of a dimeric endoribonuclease active site [21] [22] [23] .
However, this relationship 10 can be reversed when pre-symptomatic transmission takes place (the secondary 11 case may even experience illness onset prior to onset in their infector).
or the ribosome can continue in the -1 frame at rate: All rights reserved.
To inhibit RNA viruses in human cells, we used the CRISPR-Cas13d system derived from Ruminococcus flavefaciens XPD3002, a recently discovered RNA-guided RNA endonuclease 9, 10 .
WHO provides timely official pneumonia of COVID-19, such as official naming, epidemic analysis, etc.
Embryos were homogenized (Yamamoto homogenizer), filtered through cloth and centrifuged at 6,500 g for 15 min.