We stratify the population into susceptible ), exposed ( ), symptomatic/asymptomatic infected ( ), hospitalized ( ) and recovered ( ) compartments, and we further stratify the population to include quarantined susceptible ( ), and quarantined suspected individuals ( ).
Introduction encompasses residues 347-726 and has the characteristic (β/α) 8 topology found in the catalytic 109 domain of family 31 glycoside hydrolases.
in aged animals and decreased more rapidly over time, compared to nasal swabs, but could still be detected intermittently up to day 10 p.i.
Side views of HKU2 monomer shown in three directions.
It would be interesting to see the extent to which the peptides 12 author/funder.
Furthermore, phylogenetic analysis on S proteins can reveal relationships that are not 200 observed using ORF1ab or complete genome-based analysis.
C & D) Viral replication of MERS dNSP16 mutant (red) relative to wild-type (WT) MERS-CoV (black) in (C) Vero cells and (D) Calu3 2B4 cells following MOI 0.01 infection.
It causes severe respiratory illness, has high fatality rate , can be transmitted from person to person and has spread to over 15 countries in less than two months (WHO, 2020) .
1 All rights reserved.
Here, we limited this analysis to capture the global trend.
The RF model built based on individual protein feature achieved an AUC ranging from 0.50 to 0.66 in five-fold cross-validations (Table 1) .
As 300 expected, IAV-BJ501 displayed a considerably lower virulence in TG mice than that in WT 301 mice.
This may be attributed to the different severity of the 2 disease at the beginning, which means heart failure may progress more rapidly at first.
Samples from C57BL/6N mice were obtained for a previous study (Dinh et al., 2019) and remaining samples were used for this study.
Specifically, Ty-BatCoV HKU4, 224 including cells from Hipposideros.
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Embryos that lack nodal cilia or have 425 non-motile nodal cilia exhibit a higher incidence of abnormal situs than do Enkur -/embryos 426 (Nonaka et al., 1998; Takeda et al., 1999) .
It is, however, still unknown which intracellular pathways OuMV MP uses to facilitate cell-to-cell movement of virions.
As each contig can contain multiple sub-contigs, which could have different membership, the contig's membership is determined by the dominant membership of its sub-contigs.
We assess the effective reproduction number, , which quantifies the time dependent variations in the average number of secondary cases generated per case during the course of an outbreak due to intrinsic factors (decline in susceptible individuals) and extrinsic factors (behavior changes, cultural factors, and the implementation of public health measures) (9, 12, 13) .
Third, we might have missed asymptomatic or mild cases managed at home, and hence our cohort might represent the more severe end of 2019-nCoV ARD.
13.20034496 doi: medRxiv preprint
In the SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV-1 RBD comparison, residues were considered similar for the following residues pairs: RK, RQ, KQ, QE, QN, ED, DN, TS, SA, VI, IL, LM and FY.
29.20029421 doi: medRxiv preprint
Our primary collection of 15 C. albicans destination vectors derived from CIp10S (11) provides a choice of two promoters, either the constitutive promoter P TDH3 or the inducible promoter P TET , and the option for N-or C-terminal fusion to various epitope tags (3xHA or TAP) (Table 2 and Fig.
Results for GLMMs with binary responses of the association between viruses within a genus being human-transmissible (L3/4) and being known to infect a given non-human host category.
Of seven identified coronaviruses, the two very pathogenic viruses, SARS-COV and MERS-COV, cause severe ARDS and even acute respiratory failure.
9 was solved using the "Surface reaction" module.
There may be common structural features in these compounds that are responsible for their activity against NiV (as highlighted).
In addition, we observed unexpected reads reflecting noncanonical 126 recombination events.
This analysis of early SARS-CoV-2 cases and their close contacts in Shenzhen China, provides insights into the natural history, transmission and control of this disease.
Using data on exported cases and correcting for right-censoring of deaths occurred in China, another team reported a CFR estimate of 5.3% (95% confidence interval: 3.5%, 7.5%) among confirmed cases [7] .
in the mobility matrix is one and in the limit of no mobility between regions the mobility matrix m ij is the identity matrix so that λ i (t) = β i (t) Ii Ni and we recover the 118 familiar (uncoupled) S-I-R equations:
We performed Langevin dynamics simulations by solving the equation of motion, mẍ = − ∂UTIS ∂x − γẋ + R, where m is mass; γ, the friction coefficient, depends on the size of the particle type (P, S, or B); and R is a Gaussian random force, which satisfies the fluctuationdissipation relation.
Barcoded shotgun nanopore sequencing protocols may pose a viable alternative strategy to bypass pitfalls often observed in amplicon-based workflows, namely taxon-specific primer biases 17 Although it is to be expected that short-read metagenomics technology continues to provide valuable environmental insights, as shown through recent cataloguing efforts for world's ocean 54 and soil 55 microbiomes, these traditional platforms are cumbersome for monitoring remote environments or low-resource settings.
The model performance was evaluated using test dataset on lung lobe-level.
This could be achieved through measures such as the Stroop word-color task (selective attention), n back test and backward digit span tests (working memory), Brown-Peterson test (memory capacity), or Wisconsin card sorting (planning and set-shifting) (125, 130) .
However, our method appears to selectively amplify target sequences.
We suggest that the expanded tRNA set weakened selection 24
(B) Schematic of the experimental design is indicated.
Staining for NP, the major protein component of vRNPs, revealed characteristic cytoplasmic localization of incoming vRNPs early during infection followed by distinct nuclear localization ( Figure 4D ).
GEX analysis showed that CD8 + T cells expressed high levels of effector molecules, including GZMA, GZMK, FASLG, CCL5, etc., and resident T cell markers ITGA1, CXCR6, JAML, etc., likely played crucial roles in immune defense ( Figure S4 ).
Using the second dataset, then the risk of importation for each destination city or province was preliminarily defined as the percentage of travellers received by each city or province out of the total volume of travellers leaving Wuhan during the two weeks before the city's lockdown.
Stock TMX aliquots were warmed to 37°C, diluted with pre-warmed sterile corn oil either 10-or 20-fold just prior to use, and administered to mice by intraperitoneal (IP) injection at a final concentration of 5 or 10mg/kg.
Each colored lined corresponds to a different number of observed secondary cases N s .
Thus, it will be important to determine if these mAbs can also cross-react with SARS-CoV-2.
/2020 paid much attention to the news of the epidemic and spent more than 1 hour each day learning relevant knowledge on the prevention and treatment of SARS-CoV-2 (Fig.
We observed a similar trend when testing peptides mimicking the H3N2 and H7N9 HA cleavage sites 13 using trypsin, HAT, KLK5, plasmin and trypsin, matriptase, plasmin, respectively (Table 2A) .
The targeted genes were amplified using the SARS-CoV-2 or 10 332 respiratory virus primer panel in a 20 μL reaction system with 5 μL total nucleic acid, 5 μL primer 333 All rights reserved.
On 31 December 2019, China notified an outbreak pneumonia of unknown etiology in Wuhan City to the World Health Organization (WHO) and it had been identified as a novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV).
The result is a spatially heterogeneous propagation where the two ingredients act at different levels.
Indeed, recent experimental evidences also supported that ACE2 is the human receptor of 2019-nCoV .
The ODE system (without Poisson noise) was run over this sampling distribution to generate 95% confidence intervals around the predicted mean epidemic trajectory.
In our case, randomly selected subsequences of the original sequences are provided as training input.
Indeed, CHIKV outbreaks had been observed in the same locations about two years before ZIKV, CHIKV is also transmitted by Aedes mosquitoes, and both viruses spread in a region where the populations were immunologically naive at rst.
However, it is estimated that more than five million people had already left the city before the lockdown (3) , which has led to the rapid spread of COVID-19 within and beyond Wuhan.
In transient transfections, all ZEBOV-4cis constructs showed no impact on cell viability and displayed levels of minigenome activity similar to the 6-plasmid system and ~40-60-fold higher activity than the cells lacking Lpol (Fig.
Meanwhile a challenging aspect of this system is that proline has unusual solution properties, identified as an anomalous residue in terms of its hydrophobicity [22] [23] .
(4), which is equivalent to standard skyline loglikelihoods [6] , but with constant terms removed.
1b illustrates the renewal inference problem and its notation.
Screening of peptide-presenting phage libraries against samples from individual patients could be used to identify patient-specific mucus-and cell-penetrating peptides to explore personalized medicine applications.
Several airports and train stations have started temperature screening measures to identify people with fevers [8] .
As compared with other cases, these 7 cases were younger (median, 14.0; P = 0.012) ( Table S2 ).
HIV RNA viral load) and neurocognitive performance.
The pairwise VirScan data sets are provided as Fig 4.
All forms of FSHD share a common pathogenic mechanism, increased somatic expression of the DUX4 (Double homeobox 4) retrogene caused by the loss of stable epigenetic repression of the chromosome 4q35.2 D4Z4 macrosatellite array [5] [6] [7] [8] [9] [10] .
through inhaled lipopolysaccharide (LPS) or elevated 46 ozone (O3) levels, exacerbates lung disease (4-7).
In practice, we run 10 parallel Markov chains to allow for parallelization and to make sampling more robust.
Scenario A: Using the testing rate function in (K3), representing an enhanced testing strategy, the cumulative tested and confirmed cases significantly increase, and the cumulative confirmed cases will reach 300 thousands on April 5 th 2020 (red curves, Figure 7 (C-D)).
The physicochemical property analysis was conducted for the two predicted antigenic proteins.
The airborne SARS-CoV-2 concentrations in different categorized sites are shown in Table 1 .
We define probable links in the training set in two ways: 1) SNP distances and 2) contact investigation.
Matrices are by physical contact only and by all contact (conversational and physical), in respective columns) and by different encounter context (home, work, school or other in respective rows).
Interestingly, in contrast, the fluorescence of nanocarriers adsorbed to cells not only does not decrease but increases within the next 1 hour after flushing.
Whether Alloiococcus is involved in OM pathology or is merely a healthy component of the microbiome is controversial (41) ; in our data, Alloiococcus was not associated with ARI or OM (Fig.
The distribution and meaning of the data can be compared to specific expression values of CSHG under different conditions (here, the category is used as a condition).
identification of hypotheses which can be validated by direct experimentation, as well as 34 identification of genomic targets for preemptive biosurveillance of emerging viruses, is 35 discussed.
For example, Hrp48 and Glo are required in nurse cells for the regulation of chromosome organization (38, 47).
In December 2019, the first acute respiratory disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV)-2, and recently officially named as Corona Virus Disease 2019 (COVID- 19) by World Health Organization (WHO) occurred in Wuhan, China.
A negative correlation between mutation rate and genome size has been noted for a small set of viruses for which mutation rate has been directly measured [14] .
Rigidity analysis: carried out using the pebble-game constraint counting algorithm implemented in the software FIRST [14] .
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Time course experiment 8 x 10 4 cells stable LY6E expressing or control Huh7 cells were seeded in 12-well plates and mock infected or infected with 229E-CoV-Rluc (MOI=0.1) for 2 hours at 33°C in OptiMEM.
CC-BY 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
As there are numerous complementary bioinformatics approaches for analyzing metagenomic datasets, we tested the reproducibility of our approach by reanalyzing our data using a parallel method developed in-house that weights organisms by both abundance and concordance of paired RNA and DNA sequencing reads without Z-scores (Supplemental Table 1 ).
Through the NTS test, we analyzed the gut microbiota at the level of phylum and genus the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
The 2019-nCoV outbreak has a fatality rate of 2% with significant impact on global health and economy.
We are surprised that our code can get uniform estimators on the growth rate r and the reproductive number R 0 .
Although less investigated, other IN pockets capable of allosteric inhibitor binding have also been identified ( Figure 1A) : binding of the "Y3" molecule to a pocket near the N-terminal end of CCD α-helix 4, designated Y3pocket, has been shown to inhibit 3'-processing and strand-transfer activities (16) ; the "sucrose" binding pocket found along the CCD dimer interface and flanked by two LEDGF pockets (17, 18) has recently been targeted by the natural product kuwanon-L, which inhibited IN activity in a pattern similar to LEDGINs (19) .
A novel interface in MAD2 is employed for its association with MAD1-NTD or -CTD.
Data used in this study include the numbers of confirmed diagnosis, recoveries and fatalities in the following provinces and cities of China: Beijing, Shanghai, Chongqing, Guangdong, Zhejiang and Hunan.
At influenza virus 139 titres <10 3 copies/ml, influenza reads were inconsistently detected across the samples (Fig 2B) , 140 suggesting the limit of detection is between 10 2 -10 3 influenza copies/ml.
Briefly, total RNA samples were depleted for ribosomal RNA using the RiboZero kit and enriched for mRNA using oligo(dT) beads, fragmented, and synthesized into cDNA using mRNA template and hexamer primers.
All microscopy experiments were performed at the Imaging Facility of the IGC.