(3) Cosmetics that lower skin temperature because they contain solids.
using non-overlapping, 500bplong contigs generated from the training genomes (retraining on simulated reads is computationally prohibitive).
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license author/funder.
These voluntary measures, combined with the closure of Wuhan city, may have averted the spread of this disease and reduced its ability to reproduce through social changes.
Pandemic influenza in 2009 0% to 1.2% (but mainly 0.05% to 0.005%)
The known elevation of evolutionary constraint on overlapping genes is usually invoked as the sole [47] , [53] or at least dominant [36] explanation for their high ISD.
A currently widely used approach to infer ancestral states in phylogenies relies on treating traits of interest (such as geography, host, etc.)
StableTraits program (Elliot & Mooers, 2014) with 10 million iterations and all other parameters set 23 to default.
As Carnobacteriaceae have been associated with cold environments 23 , and we found these to be more abundant in colder April samples (mean 11.3 °C, vs. 15.8 °C in June and 19.1 °C in August), this might further establish the impact of water temperature on the variation of bacterial composition.
Quantification of Annexin V+ cells, corresponding to early and late apoptosis, was performed by Flow cytometry analysis of Annexin V/PI stained cells ( Figure 7A ).
ECDC shall not be held liable for improper or incorrect use of the data.
2C , middle) compared to the region of ORF2 that is not overlapped by ORFX (Fig.
Reports of an outbreak in Cuba did make the news in 2017 (Reuters, 2017) , but critically, the outbreak was not reported by PAHO (PAHO, 2017a), or other public health agencies, and thus went largely undetected by the international community.
In this study, we use MLDSP [51] and MLDSP-GUI [52] with CGR as a 82 numerical representation of DNA sequences to assess the classification of COVID-19 83 from the perspective of machine learning-based alignment-free whole genome 84 comparison of genomic signatures.
The model generates an ensemble of possible epidemic scenarios described by the number of newly generated infections, times of disease arrival in each subpopulation, and the number of traveling infection carriers.
There were 57 participants (32 males; age, M=61.68±12.02 yrs; months post-stroke, M=31.91±37.16) included in this subset with the following aphasia types: anomic, 25;
We then released cells to re-enter the cell cycle by plating at sub-confluent cell density.
There is no consensus in the field with respect to setting an 16 e-value cut-off to detect true homologs.
T  h  e  i  d  e  n  t  i  t  i  e  s  o  n  t  h  e  X  -a  x  i  s  (  e  .
Compared to this, we calculated the postclosure value of " to be 3.41 (95% CI: 3.16 -3.65), still a very high number but significantly lower than that observed in the earlier days of the epidemic.
In contrast, intrinsically disordered proteins and protein regions (IDPs/IDRs) lack a well-defined structure in isolation, and are best characterized by an ensemble of rapidly interconverting conformations [1] .
IFIT2 and IFIT3 exhibit a monophasic melt curve from with Tm's of 37.3 C and 34.1 C, respectively, were calculated as described in the Material and Methods.
showed a small but significant increase in surface display and a large increase in 240 internal display of 9-O-Ac based on flow cytometry, but did not appear to show any 241 changes in surface or internal display of 7,9-O-Ac (Fig.
Use of metaviromics has led to the identification of numerous related viruses 308 associated with invertebrates, many of which encode distinct SJR-CP variants and some of which 309 acquired an RNA helicase ( Figure 2B and S2) (14) .
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license author/funder.
(18) to be made where one may coarse-grain (integrate) over time such that
We obtained text data (called local samples) from all related articles on the coronavirus that had been peer reviewed and published by human experts, which included the title, abstracts, author and affiliation information (total 3,182,687 words).
daily latent infected ratio the daily exposed individuals exported from Wuhan to Hubei the daily exposed individuals exported from Wuhan to other provinces lockdown social distancing estimated latent infected individuals Figure 1 .
Then 100 µl of each sample were plated onto LB agar containing 10 µg/ml Gentamicin and incubated overnight at 37°C.
Multivariate logistic regression with forward stepwise selection based on likelihood ratio was used to identify the risk factors for development of severe NCP, and sensitivity analysis was performed according to the source of infection.
To our knowledge, this was the first study to examine CMG parameters under alfaxalone, propofol in isolation without another agent, or dexmedetomidine in comparison to the other agents used here.
We started by examining the 206 localization of the S. rosetta septin protein SrSeptin2 (PTSG_07215), a septin with domains 207 conserved in human and fungal septins (Fairclough et al., 2013) that are necessary for septin 208 filament formation (Sirajuddin et al., 2007; Bertin et al., 2008) .
The multiple alignments across the RBM segments revealed an 89% nucleotide ( Figure 1B ) and 98% amino acid identity ( Figure 1C ) of the Pangolin-CoV compared to nCoV-2019.
7 Thus we used the ABO blood group distribution of 3,694 normal people in Wuhan area as control to compare with different age groups and gender groups.
Demographic and clinical data of recruited subjects.
The expression plasmid for SARS-CoV-2 was generated as follows: the coding sequence of a synthetic, codonoptimized (for human cells) SARS-CoV-2 DNA (GeneArt Gene Synthesis, Thermo Fisher Scientific) author/funder.
For example, for all three viruses, two kinds of frogs (Megophrys feae and Liophryne schlaginhaufeni) have the smallest RSCU distances among all vertebrates, while another two kinds of frogs (Xenopus laevis and Xenopus tropicalis) have the smallest RSCU distances among all vertebrates with sufficient sequences.
According to the MIIT and General Administration of Customs, the daily number of facemasks imported to China were 6,000,000 between 24 Jan 2020 and 29 Jan 2020, 20,000,000 on 30 Jan 2020 13 , 56,166,667 between 31 Jan 2020 and 11 Feb 2020 14 .
/2020 Deviance explained 0% 0.2% 0.6% 0.1% a Strain i refers to the strain that was examined for seroconversion, and strain i-1 refers to the most recent strain isolated prior to strain i. E.g.
Future work might also consider the ways in which asymptomatic individuals can modulate the catalysis of epidemics in a networked metapopulation [16] [17] [18] .
Each item was scored using a 5-point Likert scale, ranging none, mild, moderate, moderate to severe, to severe.
For the 1:1 complex the data was acquired on a FEI Titan Krios transmission electron microscope (TEM) operated at 300 keV, equipped with a K2 summit direct detector (Gatan).
We found that a large number of travellers were likely departing Wuhan into neighbouring cities and other megacities in China before Wuhan's .
BMS and MDL are considered the two most complete and rigorous model selection measures [10] .
These three GEFs activate Arf1, however GBF1 may also use Arf4 and Arf5 as substrates 113 (37) (38) (39) , while BIG1 and BIG2 can catalyze the activation of Arf3, Arf5 and Arf6 (40-42).
Here, we reported all the set up steps leading to the optimal protocol and its comparison 391 with the current routine method.
Integration of such data with known druggene interactions provides a clear estimate of the druggable proportion in the hvPPI.
8 All of these results indicated that the less obvious respiratory symptoms in early infected patients may be due to the existence of pathogenic latency of SARS-CoV-2.
7 Low antibody titres were observed in patients with mild SARS or diseases with other viral infection.
Viral gene expression was measured 8 hpi using a Nano-Glo luciferase assay kit (Promega).
(underlined) and ligated overnight with T4 DNA ligase.
6 drugs (nelfinavir, pitavastatin, perampanel, praziquantel, zopiclone, and eszopiclone) show good docking scores and binding modes (Table 3) .
The presence of the desired mutation and the absence of additional mutations were verified by 326 Sanger sequencing of the amplified insert, and in some cases the entire genome.
We observed a peak-shaped fitness landscape when combining the optimized and deoptimized data set; this is discussed below.
The exposed and the infected peak at certain time and the recovered increases during the same time of period, which is consistent with observations and other models in the literature.
As a whole, our studies suggest that the endosomal escape of all CPMPs and CPPs tested is dependent on the presence of a functional, active HOPS complex.
Thus targeting the non-canonical function of STT3A and STT3B could be a broad antiviral strategy.
We calculate this quantity from the model under varying assumptions about p.
Linear projection of a protein structure along a normal mode direction would rapidly introduce unphysical distortions into the structure.
After 20 min of incubation, the dispersion was spun at 13,000 rpm for 10 min.
We therefore believe multi-color single molecule imaging of both canonical and non-canonical translation will become a powerful new tool for dissecting complex RNA regulatory dynamics in a variety of important contexts.
One-shot control in a sub-population is understood to mean reduction in the internal, incoming, and outgoing rates of infection with a factor of (1 − c), where 0 ≤ c ≤ 1 denotes the efficiency of the intervention in sub-population i.
These DNA templates are then used to direct the transcription of STARs within a cell-free gene expression reaction (12) , which when produced, activates the transcription of a STAR-regulated construct encoding the enzyme catechol 2,3-dioxygenase (CDO) (14) (Figure 1A) .
Smokers in GSE10072 showed a higher mean of ACE2 gene expression than non-smokers.
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license peer-reviewed) is the author/funder.
Among the four countries, Japan and South Korea are the two first countries that reported confirmed cases.
Different from the lockdown of the city, when beds in hospitals were 2 times of current situations at each time point, the effect of increasing beds in hospitals was no longer significant (Supplementary Figure 2) .
Therefore, we performed a gene ontology (GO) enrichment analysis on the differentially expressed genes from the FSHD-like moderate and severe mouse models Table S4  2 Genes enriched for each comparison are listed in Table S5 DUX4-FL expression has been shown to inhibit nonsense-mediated decay, resulting in accumulation of mRNAs that would be typical substrates for NMD [33] .
MHV-ExoN(-) P250 was less susceptible 185 than MHV-ExoN(-) P3 to 5-FU treatment, with only a ~1.5 log 10 decrease in titer at 120 µM.
From the daily report of NHC of China, new infections in Shanghai from February 17 to February 21 are 0,0,0,1,0; and new infections in Guangdong in the same period are 6,3,1,1,6, which potentially supports our prediction.
First, the cross-sectional nature of this study hinders our ability to make inferences about the rates of neuroanatomic changes in HIV.
The beam was expanded using a Keplerian beam expander comprised of two plano-convex lenses (Thorlabs, f=25 mm, f=75 mm, AR coating B) to a final beam diameter of approximately 1 cm.
The lock of medical staff and the shortage of medical supplies increased the death rate in Wuhan, which was significantly higher than the rest of China.
can be easily constructed by set subtraction.
The %-effect for each siRNA knockdown was calculated by dividing the average intracellular concentration (C nucleus + C Cytosol divided by two) measured by FCS in gene-specific siRNA-transfected cells by the average intracellular concentration measured in cells transfected with a non-targeting siRNA (RISC-Free), multiplied by 100%.
The number of cases reduced by the advance city 110 closure in each province was estimated by multiplied the advance outflow index by 111 the average proportion and one corresponding unit.
As an approximation to this likelihood, we split the inference into two calculations, first calculating
Our proposed gating mechanism does not fit in the group of standard models, since it does not have the S4 TM helix providing the gating current by a large scale movement with its putatively positive arginines.
Data from non-China cases up to March 1, 2020.
Firstly, naive Bayes assumes independence of the covariates when conditioning on the outcome, which may not be realistic.
The possible explanation is that most of COVID-19 patients remained to be hospitalized at the time of manuscript submission, and data on those patients could not be obtained in time.
The profiles of detection bands were obtained in ImageJ 64 and then their integrated intensity were obtained by using the peak analysis function in Origin (OriginLab Corporation), such as the data presented in Fig.
Residual baseline 536 drift was calculated by fitting the response during baseline periods to an exponential decay and 537 then subtracting this drift.
6 The main clinical manifestations include fever, cough, fatigue, and dyspnea.
In addition, our study assumes that individuals become disease-aware with a 286 rate of awareness acquisition proportional to the number of currently diagnosed individuals.
Thus, the timeframe was limited to the period between 05/01/2016 and 30/04/2017.
Our results carry very important, functional implications given that the 3'UTRs are platforms for regulatory RNA-binding proteins and that the lengths of the 3' UTRs associated with specific mRNAs are variable.
2A-B) , our data suggest that 2-5AMD inhibits translation initiation independently from mTOR.
Teichoic acid, peptidoglycan, and other components of Gram-positive bacteria have been shown to be receptors for many phages [4] [5] [6] [7] [8] [9] .
Phylogenetic analyses suggested that the S genes of pangolin-CoV-2020, 2019-nCoV and three bat origin coronaviruses (Bat-CoV-RaTG13, Bat-CoV-CVZXC21, and Bat-Cov-CVZC45) were genetically more similar to each other than other viruses in the same family ( Figure 2b ).
The primers and probes were synthesized and purified by Integrated DNA Technologies (IDT, Coralville, USA).
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Then, we set up MathDL models and apply them to pick up the top-ranked pose for the given ligand.
The objective of this study was to compare the levels of .