The search results were downloaded in txt format for compiling into structured information.
Our initial screen within an incompletely 34 inbred set of CC mice (the preCC screen) (Gralinski et al., 2015) , along with an F2 screen 35 utilizing a highly resistant and highly susceptible CC mouse line (Gralinski et al., 2017) , 36 identified nine quantitative trait loci (QTLs) impacting SARS-CoV disease.
Autocorrelation data were collected over 5-s intervals with 10 repeats.
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license author/funder.
State Council Information Office of the People's Republic of China (2020).
aegypti control campaign (Fig.
Thus, we conclude that non-arterivirus Nidovirales code for a RF-MTase with the canonical K-D-K E catalytic tetrad of 2'-O MTase, and that these enzymes are distributed in similar position along genomes.
It is noteworthy that most COVID-19 patients developed acute kidney injury in the early period of hospitalization, especially in only 2 days after admission in patients with elevated baseline Scr.
The estimated numbers of imported cases from Wuhan varied among provinces in mainland China.
Following labeling, the transwell insert was carefully excised with a razor blade and inverted onto a coverslip for imaging.
Although sizeable efforts were made for assembling large-scale, experimentally reported drug-target networks from publicly available databases, the network data may be incomplete and some drug-protein interactions may be functional associations, instead of physical bindings.
A high efficacy of infection control against the resident strain will effectively 155 reduce its transmission and therefore creating a larger pool of susceptible individuals for the mutant strain.
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license author/funder.
The energy function for HB captures the formation of base pairs and loop-stem tertiary interactions, taking into account both distance and angular positions of the donor and the acceptor [37] .
The growth of the CWO4 CDC33, ρ 0 [pYX212::M1] strain is slightly faster at 37°C than at 24°C, causing the cells to reach early stationary phase in 8 hours (instead of 12 at 24°C); this difference explains why K1 toxin production in the CDC33 wild-type strain ceases in samples grown for 12 hours at 37°C (Fig.
A total of 164 cases with available data as of January 25th, 2020, were included.
The E protein, also a viroporin 19 , was previously confirmed as a determinant of pathogenicity 4,5 in SARS-CoV-1.
The sum of the value in column j is the reproduction number for a specific type j.
This approximation has been previously published [17] , and reasonably implies that domain growth 'dilutes' the agent density.
Furthermore, the levels of cytokine IL-37 were constitutively positively correlated with IL-289 35 (Table 2) .
race/ethnicity) in the training datasets (from England and Norway) and the test dataset (from Los Angeles).
The ellipses indicate the σ−confidence interval of the point clouds corresponding to the respective combatant commands.
2017) developed SVM models to predict the host of influenza viruses based on word vectors.
In less than two months since initially reported in mid-December 2019, the recent coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan has caused more than 900 fatalities associated with severe respiratory disease.
The 25 µl one-pot reaction contained 3 µl RNA sample at various concentrations, 0.4 µM forward and reverse primers, 8 U AMV Reverse Transcriptase, 50 U T7 RNA Polymerase, 0.1 U RNase H, 40 U RNase Inhibitor (NEB, Murine), 2 mM NTP mix, 1 mM rNTP mix, 12 mM MgCl 2 , 40 mM Tris-HCl, 42 mM KCl, 5 mM Dithiotreitol (DTT), 15%(v/v) dimethyl sulfoxide.
Models are fitted with a linear term on age, i.e.
3 be at the intracellular end of the pore.
CC-BY-NC 4.0 International license author/funder.
Windows in which trees differ significantly between the two halves are scored with high DSS values, and are thus candidate sites for recombination.
Contact tracing is the main public health response to importations of rare or emerging infectious diseases, and was implemented in the UK during the 'containment stage' of the 2009 influenza pandemic (McLean et al 2010) .
The clinical severity status (ie, common/mild, severe, or critical) and death were monitored up to February 2, 2020, the final date of follow-up.
Of note, MR-Egger gives valid estimates of causal effects in the presence of imbalanced or directional horizontal pleiotropy.
In this study, we used complete genome sequences of ZIKV strain Natal-RGN (GenBank accession number: KU527068), isolated in 2015, from the brain tissue of a fetus diagnosed with microcephaly [10] .
For validation, we modelled 10 additional new models of 2019-nCov M pro and docked the 15 drugs against the new models, which revealed that 6 drugs (nelfinavir, praziquantel, pitavastatin, perampanel, eszopiclone, and zopiclone) have good binding modes with the new models.
The results of this sensitivity analysis are presented in Section 8.
Although the high similarity between haplotypes presents a barrier to adoption of kmer-based features for distinguishing contigs from different haplotypes, it brings opportunities for haplotype number estimation.
Mucus is a complex biopolymer composed mainly of water, mucin glycoproteins, lipids, DNA, non-mucin proteins, salts, and cell debris [4] .
Mutation of these residues logically alter ion binding and thus leads to complete loss of catalytic activity.
This shows that viruses, by targeting "hubs" and proteins that serves as key communication nodes, have evolved the best way to disrupt the scale-free human interactome.
AVARDA integrates three key modules to generate a conservative and probabilistic assessment of current and historical viral exposures.
This assumption about relative infectiousness among asymptomatic cases compared with symptomatic cases was also assumed in simulation studies for influenza [4] [5] [6] [7] [8] .
Unaligned homologs of 11 ncRNA families and the reference secondary structures of the homologs were collected from the RNA STRAND database (Andronescu et al., 2008) and compiled as test set "unaligned".
Beyond the core microbiome of an exemplary fluvial ecosystem, our results suggest that it is possible to robustly assess time changes in accessory bacterial composition in the .
These results suggest that bat RSCs produce and respond to IFN-I, similar to bat PCs; 8 however, some intracellular signaling pathways, especially those related to the TLR3 pathway, seem 9 to be activated differently.
Genes for tissue-specific expression were acquired from the human protein atlas for specific mRNA transcription in the small intestine, i.e.
The gender ratio was skewed towards male (63%).
From our predicted IDP results, we found no disorder in all three Nsp6 proteins.
On December 31, 2019, a novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), belonging to the Orthocoronavirinae subfamily and distinct from middle east respiratory syndrome (MERS)-CoV and SARS-CoV, emerged in Wuhan, China (4) (5) (6) .
This occurs during infection with DNA viruses such as In cells, the mRNA fragments resulting from the primary SOX endonucleolytic cleavage are predominantly cleared by the host 5'-3' exonuclease XRN1, while in vitro, RNA fragments are rapidly degraded by 5'-3' exonucleolytic activity intrinsic to purified SOX (9) .
Rapid induction of higher IFITM3 expression following 485 infection is likely to be required for complete viral control.
Here we report the application and the level of specificity of the Int activated binary system using the DTA toxin to kill cancer cell (henceforth the binary system, Fig.1A ).
Obtained sense and antisense strands of each strain were aligned, manually edited and the error free consensus sequence was used to confirm identity by comparing the sequences of each strain against the NCBI GenBank nucleotide and genome databases using NCBI BLASTn tool.
EGCG (Sigma-Aldrich) was dissolved in water at a stock concentration of 5mM.
Of note, the gap of peak and baseline Scr was much greater in patients with elevated baseline Scr ( Table   2 ).
Obviously, it is still necessary to make a new assessment of the spread of the 2019-nCoV epidemic situation, which has important practical significance for the research, judgment and prevention of the epidemic situation.
22 Even though the de novo assembly graph linked the different contig fragments, the assembly 221 could not differentiate the multiple routes of possible contig construction.
Thus, the evidence would suggest that either the 396 sequestration capacity was limiting, or the GST tag conferred solubility to PARP2, either 397 way with most of the ectopically expressed PARP2 free in the SDS-soluble fraction.
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license author/funder.
Our results have several implications for the design and implementation of control measures.
Table 1 and 139 (37·7%) resorted to working from home; 32 (8·7%) participants had not been working before the outbreak started; and 6 (1·6%) reported losing their work during the COVID-19 outbreak.
Interestingly, the prevalence of ADRs in the CC-RIX population is analogous to what has been observed in humans, where 20-43% of patients treated with antipsychotics can develop tardive dyskinesia (HALLIDAY et al.
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license author/funder.
In our case, volunteers needed to be in the UK to participate in the study, so we use the 2018 mid-year estimate of the population structure of the UK (available from ONS [1] ).
However, as far as we know, there is no study on the factors of liver injury.
Data-dependent MS n mode was used to monitor 1 to 3 most intense ions with an exclusion duration of 40 sec after 8 repetitions.
The "Truth" column indicates the number of reads spiked into the FASTQ input file for the specified genus or species.
The contigs are paired with haplotypes based on the highest sequence similarity.
Clozapine N-Oxide (CNO, Tocris, cat#4936) was dissolved in 0.5% dimethylsulfoxide (DMSO).
We hypothesize that MPS1 might phosphorylate MAD1 or MAD2 to regulate the efficiency of the MAD1:C-MAD2 catalyst.
By comparing the characteristics of the confirmed cases and excluding cases, the independent risk factors related to the disease were identified and included in the diagnostic model.
We apply the model on the epidemic in Japan and conclude that there could be a rapid outbreak in Japan if no effective quarantine measures are carried out immediately.
The function h(•) represents the probability distribution of κ.
The example of Korea is promising as it suggests that development of easily accessible, fast, and accurate tests may help to contain the spread of the disease.
In the past two decades, pathogenic coronaviruses (CoVs) have caused epidemic infections, including the server acute respiratory syndrome (SARS)-CoV outbreak in 2003, the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-CoV) outbreak in 2012 and the current Wuhan 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCov) outbreak.
The identification of ENKUR orthologs in choanoflagellate, sea anemone 353 and sea urchin ciliomes suggests a conserved ciliary function.
****p < 0.0001 from one-way ANOVA with Dunnett post-test.
[8] in the case of the epidemic event in China.
(B) NIL phenotypes are plotted as Tukey box plots with strain (y-axis) by relative residual animal length (x-axis).
We therefore subsampled (a) 10,000 reads from each of the three mock community sequencing replicates (section 1.4), and (b) 10,000 reads from an aquatic sample (April-8; three random draws served as replicates).
As discussed below, metaMix outperforms Pathoscope and MEGAN in the community profiling task (Table 1 ) and consequently in the relative abundance estimation (Table 2) .
Virus-medium complexes were incubated with cells in normal culture condition.
COFACTOR deduces protein functions (ligand-binding sites, EC and GO) by using structure comparison and protein-protein networks.
Corticosteroid therapy (methylprednisolone 1-2 mg/kg/day) are recommended for severely ill patients with ARDS, for as short a duration of treatment as possible.
The CR in Hubei is the highest in the country, possibly related to factors such as the large number of imported cases, the different age structure of imported cases, relatively few patients, and better treatment conditions in provinces outside Hubei.
(9) , (16) , and (19)-(21) and so we simply state the result for the individual density function [25, 38, 39] .
Twenty of these are likely not dengue virus sequences but rather from Aedes aergypti or Aedes albopictus, the mosquito vectors of Dengue virus as they contain one of those species names in the sequence description.
In this study, the substitution rate was set as 0.92×10 -3 (95% CI, 1 9 6 0.33×10 -3 -1.46×10 -3 ) substitution/site/year based on the most recent estimation for 1 9 7 SARS-CoV-2 [25].
• The needle population is divided into two compartments: infected and uninfected, and we model the dynamics of each compartment separately.
However , epidemiological data on the psychological impact among families of HCWs for COVID-19 epidemic have been limited.
Glutathione (GSH) significantly attenuated parkin loss from L-DOPA, but this rescue was not complete (43.3 ± 3.9% loss with L-DOPA alone vs. 18.9 ± 6.5% loss with L-DOPA + GSH, N = 3, p = 0.03; p = 0.03 for L-DOPA + GSH vs. GSH alone, N = 3) ( Fig.
Syndromic screening designed to prevent infected and potentially infectious cases entering undetected is highly vulnerable to asymptomatic infections and long incubation periods.
From 2018, sequences of only two 91 housekeeping genes (rpoD and cysG or rpoD and malF) are required for subspecies identification in 92
The amino acid composition of proteins can be an 44 important factor that explaining certain sequence traits.
The multiplexed 4-Plex-LAMP-OSD assay could also readily identify the more complex ZIKV genomic RNA from both Asian and African lineages without cross-reaction with DENV and CHIKV genomic nucleic acids ( Figure 4G ).