and when introducing the surface energy per unit area W (ρ, H, K; θ α ) = ρF (H, K; θ α ), the components of the stress vectors (Eqs.
However, there were some similarities and differences between these 2 groups.
Recent progresses on these two aspects are specified here.
Given our prior observations that Muc5ac deletion was anti-inflammatory, while augmentation with exogenous MUC5AC protein in mice had broad pro-inflammatory effects, we reasoned that this mucin could be mediating its effects via a danger signal that promotes inflammatory mediator release and cell recruitment.
In reality, we know that NPC1 receptor incompatibilities make PaKiT01 cell lines 328 constitutively refractory to rVSV-MARV infection (Ng and Chandran 2018) and that PaKiT01 329 cells also constitutively express the antiviral cytokine, IFN-.
Viruses: CHIKV 181/25 WT and mutant strains were prepared as described previously [69] .
The initial coordinates of rhinovirus serotype 16 polymerase 47 (1XR5.pdb) and SARS-CoV NSP7 and NSP8 15 (2AHM.pdb) were rigid body docked into the map and used as starting models for coordinate modeling.
1101 /2020 Repetitive peripheral administration of LPS has been shown to induce immune memory in microglia that can then modify their response to inflammatory stimuli (Wendeln et al., 2018) .
Here, we filtered out junctions unsupported by a minimum coverage of three reads.
Not only are people in poor living conditions more likely to be exposed to infected mosquitoes, but such communities often have less access to adequate healthcare, resulting in more cases going undetected (Hotez, 2016; LaBeaud, 2008) .
To visualise TRS conservation, multiple sequence alignments were generated using 657
These three scenarios were designed by considering the joint effect of virus transmissibility and outbreak control 18, 19 and realized by manipulating model parameters from February 11, 2020 to March 12, 2020 (see an example in Figure 3 ).
Fourth, compared with airline travellers leaving Wuhan prior to January 23 rd evacuees from Wuhan during the January 29 th -31 st period might have a higher risk of infection due to their longer stay in Wuhan during the potential continued spread of the virus since January 23 rd .
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license author/funder.
The protein was spotted onto UltraAuFoil 1.2/1.3 gold grids (Quantifoil) plasma cleaned using an Ar/O2 gas mix.
N2 is the canonical 123 laboratory strain of C. elegans that has been extensively studied (Brenner 1974) .
The lockdown has effectively shut down most forms of transportation, both public and private, we estimate the number of person-to-person contacts per day among its residents has reduced from thirteen to ten.
We collected the single cell RNA sequencing data (raw count gene expression matrix or normalized gene expression matrix) from published literatures, which have been deposited in public database, e.g.
However, other systematic errors can result in an overestimation of the genic fraction.
The primary aim of the human component of our study was to study how mucin levels change during virus-induced exacerbations and our study was unique in that we had sequential sampling from individual patients during exacerbation with consistent methods used to measure mucins in all subjects.
This study was prospectively registered on PROSPERO.
Thus we estimate that the date 258 of containment would be around February 29, 2020 in Wuhan (Figure 5(c) ).
As the data included temperature readings outside the range of the device capabilities, records indicating physiological hypothermia (32 • C) [14, 15] and hyperpyrexia (42 • C) [7] were excluded.
Related work of all limitations mentioned above will be addressed in our further studies.
Increased time in the open arm indicates a lack of anxiety and is observed in mouse models of mania-like behavior.
We 29 demonstrate that NF-κB signaling is blocked due to loss of critical members of the 30 Inhibitor of KappaB Kinase (IKK) complex, NF-κB Essential MOdifier (NEMO) and IKKβ.
Type I interferon (interferon α/β) receptor gene (IFNAR1) deficient A129 mice (n = 5 144 per group) were subcutaneously injected with the Gangwon/Korea/2012 strain of SFTSV at a 145 dose of either 2 or 20 plaque forming units (PFU).
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license author/funder.
Applying the iterative approach reduces memory usage down to one third for viral strain identification and two third for bacterial strain identification.
As shown in A above, these samples contained a broad diversity of immune cells including T-cells, monocytes/macrophages and neutrophils.
Our study has several limitations.
Furthermore, to allow comparison with the kinetic results previously published on profiling the substrate specificity for the (Gly)4-Ser-(Gly)4 linked NS2B-NS3 proteases of all four Dengue serotypes (17) , here we selected the same three substrates, which were also extensively used for other flavivirus NS2B-NS3pro, namely Bz-nKRR-AMC; Boc-GRR-AMC and Boc-GKR-AMC.
Both bind to extranucleosomal DNA, and mutating DNA contacting lysine residues in HSAa1 or HSAa2 to glutamines (HQ1 and HQ2 mutant, respectively, Figure 4B ,C,D) impaired, and combining both mutations (HQ1/2 mutant) abolished mononucleosome centering activity .
In addition, we excluded from our Specifically, we use the Early Detection and Reporting Epidemics of Potential International Concern component of the Index 3 , henceforth referred to as simply the GHS index, and define high surveillance locations as those whose GHS index is greater than the 75th quantile.
Limitations of this study There are still several limitations in this study.
This effect was consistent in the diallel: we observed that there was significant reduction in litter size in the first litter (p < 0.0001) compared to the overall linear effect that parity has on reducing litter size ( Figure S5 ).
After considerable algebra, we get the expectation,
For that reason, we use a point estimate of the marginal likelihood by means of the Expectation-Maximization (EM) algorithm.
Differences in behavioral responses of cFos-tTA transgenic mice were specifically due to hM4Di activation, as escape behavior after CNO injection was unaffected in cFos-tTA transgenic mice injected with AAVs expressing the calcium indicator GCaMP (n=9, Supplementary Figure 4 ).
The data was downloaded on 08/03/2020.
Table S5 : Estimated global and Chinese population coverages for the individual SARS-CoV-derived S or N protein T cell epitopes (obtained using positive MHC binding assays) that are identical in SARS-CoV-2.
Discontinuous B cell epitopes 6 Table 2 .
The machine learning models of k-nearest neighbor (KNN) (k=1), support vector machine (SVM) (using the linear kernel function), gaussian naive bayes classifier (GNBC), random forest (RF) (with default settings) and logistic regression (LR) (with default settings) were built with the default parameters using the package "scikit-learn" (version 0.20.2) (Pedregosa, Varoquaux et al.
The GPCR signal transduction component b-Arrestin-1/2 can localize to one end 340 of cilia (Pal et al., 2016) .
The CC resource and its founder strains can also be used to study reproductive ability, which is especially interesting because this population has an established record both of breeding successes and of failures.
This assumes there is no inhibition due to the interaction with already infected people, quarantine, or other prophylactic measures.
These findings suggested that Th2 like 142 response and anti-inflammatory/immunosuppressive cytokines could have a negative impact 143 on mycetoma development and disease progression.
The lattice state of site i of the two-dimensional IBM is described by variable σ i (i.e.
Marginal likelihoods estimated using stepping stone sampling gave identical results.
To investigate whether bacterial heme scavenging receptors could 104 be one such pressure, rapidly evolving sites were mapped onto a recently solved co-crystal structure 105 between human hemoglobin and the IsdB protein from S. aureus.
SLC-0111 and cobimetinib combination treatment resulted in a synergistic response (CI = 0.00686 (0.5 µM cobimetinib + 100 µM SLC-0111) and 0.000791 (0.5 µM cobimetinib + 200 µM SLC-0111) in FLC2, where CI < 1 indicates synergy).
Provinces with a 53 harmonic mean doubling time <2d included Fujian, Guangxi, Hebei, Heilongjiang, Henan, Hubei, Hunan, 54
Our SILAC data indicated that IFIT2 and IFIT3 were enriched to a similar degree in IFIT1-bound samples (Figure 1 ), suggesting that a heterocomplex of IFIT2:IFIT3 was the more likely form to interact with IFIT1 in the cell.
Because five of these drugs are known .
In order to accomplish this functionality, we included in the MTK a BxBI-dependent landing pad system for integrating synthetic circuits in a locus of choice.
Participant data without names and identifiers will be made available after approval from the corresponding author and National Health All rights reserved.
inflammation and promotes mucosal healing.
Compared to control 16 cells without added inhibitor SPINT2 significantly inhibited trypsin-mediated H3N2 growth at a 17 concentration of 50nM ( Figure 5D , Table 3A ).
Prior to fitting linear models, sequence-level ISD values were transformed using a Box-Cox transform.
The effect of the Dex-tagged molecule on the ratio of GFP fluorescence in the nucleus and cytosol, termed the translocation ratio (TR), can be measured with precision using an Opera High-Content Screening System and thereby provides a quantifiable readout of cytosolic access (18, 20) .
Genes involved in nonsense-mediated decay (NMD) defenses 61 , such as the ATP-dependent RNA helicase UPF1, also show reduction in levels of expression.
Dynamics of tracked frameshifting sites presented in Figure S13 All rights reserved.
Based on our small sample of 2019-nCoV cases, we see an intriguing age distribution, reminiscent of that of SARS, which warrants further epidemiologic and serologic studies.
CC-BY-NC 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Aliquots of the cell lysates were added to 3 ml of ΦLB top agar containing 50 μl log-phage E. coli C cells and plated onto a ΦLB agar plate.
We previously showed that a conserved residue (L36) is required for LY6Emediated enhancement of influenza A virus 9 .
The virus spread rapidly, but the viral dynamics and mortality was not synchronized across countries.
We calculated the Jensen-Shannon divergence 288 between all pairs and compared the number of pairs within each group with a balanced, subsampled 289
""#$% ) before (TOFFSET < 0) or after (TOFFSET > 0) the onset of symptoms.
According to a recent study using the first 425 patients 1 , the mean incubation period of 2019-nCoV is 5.2 days, and the mean duration from illness onset to hospital admission is 9.1 days.
On the other hand, only weak toxicity was detected for 11r in Vero or Huh-T7 cells.
This 92 Muc4-driven difference in weight loss was not observed in male mice following infection with 93 SARS-CoV (Fig.
Assuming 55 exponential growth, the epidemic growth rate is equal to ln(2)/doubling time.
with persistent versions of the models described here-in.
The z-scores are thresholded to equalize density prior to analyses (multiple node density thresholds from 2-20% are applied).
the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Oligos were designed slightly differently for the two libraries.
In the recent past, two other novel coronaviruses (CoVs), severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV; in 2002) and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV; in 2012) have emerged, and the world is placed on high alert 6, 7 .
The linking bonds impose a rotation of the cross sections of the PFR as we progress from the proximal to the distal end of the flagellum, generating shear strain V 2 (s) = − sin φ p γ 1 (s) = − sin φ p Ks on the PFR.
However, the outbreak in Japan sped up on Feb 15.
CC-BY 4.0 International license author/funder.
Whole blood was obtained from the Finnish Red Cross blood service (Helsinki, 142 Finland), from which serum was prepared during method optimization and validation.
The traditional process of characterizing a virus through potentially difficult and time consuming culture techniques is being revolutionized by advances in high throughput sequencing.
author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
At 6 h post-infection, cellular RNA was isolated, and real-time PCR was conducted to quantify the amount of viral RNA (11).
Two primer sets, both targeting Nsp3, showed best sensitivity that showed specific amplification at 10 -6 dilution of RNA (Figure 1) .
The serious clinical symptoms of the viral infection including fever, dry cough, dyspnea, and pneumonia, may result in progressive respiratory failure and even death 2 .
tions do not distinguish among individuals that have essentially spent several time periods in a particular disease state E, I or V compared to those that have just entered one of these states.
There is some evidence for this, including the apparent shift towards increased exon skipping frequencies in early branching animals [76] .
Of all ARI analysed, there were 61 with concomitant otitis media (OM) affecting 47 infants, however ARIs with accompanying OM had similar NP microbiome profiles to those of LRIs with no OM diagnosis ( Table S2) .
Unlike other 399 TTSPs, TMPRSS2 may be present at high levels in all compartments of the constitutive 400 secretory pathway (70) which is also followed by HA.
Most of the initial interventions targeted the four regions in northern Italy that were the most affected: Lombardy, Piedmont, Veneto, and Emilia Romagna.