In contrast, no correlation was found between long-term (400 ns) RMSD and PMF differences (See Supporting Information and Figure S5 for details).
Fecal-oral transmission is possible 23 .
This structural role of NP44-52 likely explains its conservation across EBOV strains.
FANTOM5 data was downloaded in hg38 coordinates.
We used one representative genome to scaffold the de novo assembled contigs (Supplementary Table 3, Supplementary Table 5, Supplementary Table 7) .
The apparent 292 lack of PP1 in the T. brucei complex is therefore surprising.
In this study, we revealed the clinical characteristics of 3 critical patients with COVID-2019, and found that (1) hypoxemia severity was strongly correlated to the expression levels of immune cells, which indicated that immuno-depletion may well be a key risk factor in the development of COVID-2019, and (2) the imbalance of gut microbiota was also found in these critical patients, which may lead to microbial translocation and a second infection.
We also consistently found no difference between male and female healthy lung tissue samples from GTEx 17 (Fig.
Subsequent, the human monocyte cell line THP-1 and THP-1 derived macrophages were employed to confirm whether there is a similar effect in human cells.
Additionally, both the SMRI and the MSSM databases were generated for whole brain regions, and are not cell-subtype specific.
We noticed the recent report 4 from Lan et al.
Spindly also interacts directly with the 316 ROD-Zwilch-ZW10 (RZZ) complex, the main constituent of the so-called kinetochore 317 corona, a crescent-shaped structure that assembles on kinetochores in early prometaphase to 318 promote microtubule capture (54) (Figure 1A) .
1C , 316 Permutation T-Test P=1e-4).
Combined with the follow-up virologic, radiological and 33 pathological findings, the monkeys with re-exposure showed no recurrence of 19, similarly to the infected monkey without rechallenge.
Indeed, collagen-like motifs play a potential role in the attachment of phages to target bacteria.
We provide evidence suggesting that an 131 altered post-translational modification (different from glycosylation) of either VP7 or NSP4 132 in GBF1-inactivated cells is responsible for the defective formation of VP7 trimers.
For example, Mesalazine, an approved drug for inflammatory bowel disease, is .
The PhyloAliFold program demonstrated a superior trade-off of the above metrices ( Figure 4 ) compared to the CentroidAliFold program (Hamada et al., 2011) on the set keeping comparable running time (Table 5) .
551 All rights reserved.
The His-tag was cleaved by dialysis into PreScission cleavage buffer (20 mM Tris-HCl, 150 mM NaCl, 1mM EDTA, 1 mM DTT at pH 7.0) while incubating with PreScission protease (protease to protein ratio 1:2000) (GE Healthcare) overnight.
Because the X-ray crystal structure of CR3022 was not revealed, the optimized structure was 206 predicted using antibody homology modeling by 1000 structures generated using Rosetta program.
in vitro on selected bacterial strains.
Whiskers: 1.5x IQR.
Our training accuracy in terms of the Pearson correlation coefficient is higher than 0.99 in all deep learning models.
Third, the Nhp10 module subunits contributed to the ruler mainly through the HMG box of Nhp10 as the respective point mutations (HMGII mutant) mimicked the effects upon lack of all Nhp10 module subunits (∆Nhp10 mutant) ( Figure 6C ,D).
An epidemic can be described by its speed and strength.
Nucleocapsid proteins within COVID-19 contain multiple class I epitopes with predicted HLA restrictions consistent with broad population coverage.
This can make a particular difference for solid tumor treatment, where functionalized biomaterials could be administered locally or engrafted post-surgery 3, 17, 45 .
(c), window depth 3 is the most frequent one.
From the formulas for the target bending strains in (22) we can infer the importance of the concentrated shear forces H 1 and H 2 .
One notable feature of the S protein S1/S2 cleavage site was first observed during the purification of the MHV S protein for structural analysis (Walls et al., 2016a) .
However, we chose these parameters to highlight the accuracy of our approximate correlation ODE model.
In this paper we show that although the genome of MERS-CoV contains considerable amounts of rate heterogeneity between genomic regions that can interfere with detection of recombination, we do nonetheless find evidence of sustained recombination that cannot be explained by rate heterogeneity alone.
In this study, we have presented a multiplex TaqMan qPCR for sensitive and simultaneous detection of genus Dickeya and D. dianthicola.
A method for identification of evolutionary rate changes has been previously established and 51 was used to study intra-subtype HIV adaptation events [18] .
Albeit certain genes gained 233!
RNase L -/cells exhibited a delayed and incomplete translational attenuation, presumably due to PKR.
nIRCat fluorescence modulation to dopamine receptor drugs were measured after addition of 1 µM drug quantities (final concentration in well) in each well.
We then analyzed whether host acquisition of Guarani was associated with a fitness trade-off with the prototype isolate of genus Mimivirus, Acanthamoeba polyphaga mimivirus (APMV), which has been used beforehand to propagate the wild-type genotype of Guarani 24, 25 .
We analyzed importations that were successfully isolated and those leading to onward transmission, characterizing their case timeline.
To do so, we modeled plausible population-level outcomes by 218
This outcome is conceptually analogous to groups of species or microbes coexisting under frequency-dependent competition for resources [55] .
The 431 reference WGS were aligned with MUSCLE (Edgar 2004) .
There is a clear increase in the estimated CFR from the age of 50 upwards, with this proportion rising from approximately 1% in the 50-59 age-group to 13% in those aged 80 and above.
2 Official national tally of cumulative case count of confirmed cases was first published by the National Health Commission of China on January 21, 2020 for January 20, 2020 (3).
Phylogenetic analyses of coding sequences were performed using MEGA-X software.
The pathological mechanism may be from the CNS invasion of SARS-CoV-2, similar to SARS and MERS virus.
As a starting point to gain a better understating of the phylogenetic relationships between 123 alphacoronaviruses, we generated a phylogenetic tree of key representative species and strains based 124 on complete genome nucleotide sequence alignment, a method often used to classify coronaviruses (Fig.
Interestingly, a large number (45) of these were derived from either the S (23) or N (22) protein (Table 4) , while the remaining (5) were from the M and E proteins (Table S6) .
The SNP was analyzed by RT-PCR and Sanger sequencing in all sequential samples available from that patient ( Table 1) .
40 All rights reserved.
RPF length was strongly related to the RPF phase relative to the reading frame of the associated coding region: 27-nt RPFs were primarily in the +1 phase; whereas 28-and 29-nt RPFs were primarily in the 0 phase (Supp.
Further experiments will have to be carried out to 451 explore more in detail the mechanism through which GBF1 supports rotavirus replication.
Previously, we have generated a truncated Dengue NS2B with the C-terminal residues deleted but the short NS2B lost the capacity in forming a soluble complex with its NS3pro.
Total RNA of tissue, organoids, and jejunum cell line IPEC-J2 was extracted and sequenced by RNA-seq.
[25] found that angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) was the receptor of 2019-nCoV.
This system can be effectively used to study direct interactions of Drosophila proteins because it reduces the likelihood of endogenous proteins mediating indirect associations.
Mean PPIDs of nsp1 proteins of SARS-CoV-2, Human SARS, and Bat CoV are 12.78%, 14.44%, and 12.85%, respectively.
This study provides the first high-28 resolution analysis of transcription and translation in this neglected group of 29 livestock pathogens.
Given that the viral proteins were interacting with a large number of host proteins, we analysed the sub-cellular location of the host proteins.
5, 17 Riley estimated that 2.7 secondary infections were generated per case on average (R0 = 2.7) at the start of the SARS epidemic without controlling.
Here, we assume flight duration = 24 hours, the probability 191 that an individual is aware of exposure risk is 0.2, the sensitivity of fever scanners is 0.7, and 192 the probability that an individual will truthfully self-report on risk questionnaires is 0.25.
The study protocol was approved by the Ethics Committee of Beijing Tongren Hospital, Capital Medical University.
Estimates from MERS-CoV were uniformly lower, with estimates from Saudi Arabia having a mean of less than 1 (~0.5) but exhibited large temporal variability with increases in some periods of time particularly in healthcare settings (Cauchemez et al., 2016) .
2G -I), we fitted generalized additive models (GAM) to the measured HAI titers against all tested H3N2 strains incorporating a smoothed interaction term of age at sampling and year of the strains circulated.
We used the multi-locus skygrid (Gill et al., 2013 ) as the demographic model for all analyses.
If the susceptible population has been significantly depleted prior to the elimination of the intervention, then once the intervention is stopped, the epidemic rebound will be significantly muted.
Although, SARS-COV-2 RT-PCR assay for the nasopharyngeal and conjunctival swab were negative 5 days after the conjunctivitis taken a turn for the better, a fever reappear, and the Chest Radiographs showed that her pneumonia aggravated at day 10 post illness.
We estimated the attack rate, defined as the .
Network science showed that even relatively few connections between communities can lead to a stark reduction in average network distances; the so-called small world phenomenon 5 .
Other clinical studies indicate that COVID-19 patients develop lymphopenia and high-levels of various cytokines such as G-CSF, IP-10, MCP-1, MIP-1A, and TNF-α 4, 5 .
The gene cloning, protein expression and purification were performed as reported previously (Makowska-Grzyska et al., 2014) .
utilized the exponential growth and maximum likelihood estimation methods and found that the 2019-nCoV may have a higher pandemic risk than SARS-CoV in 2003 [21] .
Interactions between serotypes of dengue highlight epidemiological impact of cross-immunity.
Euglenas take many beats to close one complete turn around their major body axis.
After aerosol sample collection, all samples were handled immediately in the BSL-2 laboratory of Wuhan University.
Across all of the prophages, the mean and median prophage genome length was 36,804 bp and 32,352 bp, respectively.
Samples were maintained in a cooler with ice packs in the field and stored in a -80°C freezer within two hours.
Prior to implementing a minimum length requirement (see Materials and Methods), we found 465 ORFs in the +1 frame of our non-overlapping genes, with a mean and maximum length of 24 and 149 amino acids, respectively, while only 92 ORFs were found in the +2 frame with a mean and maximum length of 19 and 92 amino acids.
#9  TGA-114nts-AACTAAGTTACTGTGCTATATACAATGACAGAGAACTTCCTATAATGATTGGTAGTTCACTGGATATTAGCAAA  #14  TGA-114nts-AACTAAGTTACTGTGCTATATACAATGACAGAGAACTTCCTATAATGATTGGTAGTTCACTGGATATTAGCAAA  #18  TGA-114nts-AACTAAGTTACTGTGCTATATACAATGACAGAGAACTTCCTATAATGATTGGTAGTTCACTGGATATTAGCAAA  #N15  TGA-114nts-AACTAAGTTACTGTGCTATATACAATGACAGAGAACTTCCTATAATGATTGGTAGTTCACTGGATATTAGCAAA  #4b  TGA-114nts-AACTAAGTTACTGTGCTATATACAATGACAGAGAACTTCCTATAATGATTGGTAGTTCACTGGATATTAGCAA  #13  TGA-114nts-AACTAAGTTACTGTGCTATATACAATGACAGAGAACTTCCTATAATGATTGGTAGTTCACTGGATATTAGCAA  #24  TGA-114nts-AACTAAGTTACTGTGCTATATACAATGACAGAGAACTTCCTATAATGATTGGTAGTTCACTGGATATTAGCAA  #23  TGA-114nts-AACTAAGTTACTGTGCTATATACAATGACAGAGAACTTCCTATAATGATTGGTAGTTCACTGGATATTAGCAA  #8  TGA-114nts-AACTAAGTTACTGTGCTATATACAATGACAGAGAACTTCCTATAATGATTGGTAGTTCACTGGATATTAGCAA  #11 TGA-114nts-AACTAAGTTACTGTGCTATATACAATGACAGAGAACTTCCTATAATGATTGGTAGTTCACTGGATATTAGCAA #20
For a cylindrical particle interacting with a flat surface, rotations about the angle ψ would reduce the contact area between 30 the particle and the surface, and would not be favored.
B, Migration out (emigration) and into Hubei Province; C, Emigration and immigration of Wuhan City and Hubei province from Jan 10 to 23, 2020; D, Correlation between case number and emigration from Hubei province; E, Correlation between case number and emigration from Wuhan city (interprovince); F, Correlation between case number and emigration from Wuhan city (intraprovince).
Based on this analysis, we prioritised 11 NVIs.
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
A higher degree of implementation of measures to lock down residential units led to lower infection rates ( Figure 5A ; DLU = 1.0).
After 72 h, cells were treated with DMEM containing either 1 μM Dex or a CPMP-Dex conjugate (1 Dex or 2 Dex ) for 30 min, after which cells were fixed with paraformaldehyde, stained with Hoechst 33342, and imaged on an Opera High Content Screening System.
The mean critical time from the top 10 visiting cities was 26.2 days.
To further improve the model for predicting receptorome of human-infecting virome, we incorporated the protein features and the top ten most important k-mers of two amino acids in the modeling.
X-ray diffraction-based crystal structure of ORF9b has a missing electron density of the first 8 residues and 26-37 residues near the central region.
In December 2019, an outbreak of the 2019 coronavirus disease (COVID-19) associated pneumonia was reported in Wuhan, a mega city with an 11 million population in central China, and soon spread to other cities in China and overseas [1] .
This protein distribution is stable, since photobleached portions of unfixed filamentous particles do not recover fluorescence in either HA or NA over tens of minutes (Fig.
In a growing epidemic, the majority 122 of infected cases will have been recently exposed, and will not yet show symptoms.
Similar results were obtained with Moumouvirus and Megavirus Courdo 11, which are mimiviruses from lineages B and C, respectively 26, 27 (Fig.
The timing of 245 IFN-related gene expression followed the same trend as was seen in Figure 1 .
Interestingly, for each node except the initially infected one, there exists a critical value of D at which this trend reverses and t max starts increasing again.
Our finding that FLC-specific TREs are enriched in motifs of FOSL2/JUN and CREB is noteworthy for several reasons.