1 4 isolated and treated in "Mobile Cabin Hospitals", an isolation place converted from sports stadium, convention centers, etc.
Respondents that scored 10 and above were identified as having moderate or severe level of anxiety.
Then, we measured the rate of substrate hydrolysis relevant to each protease (Figure 3) .
is the total log-likelihood.
We construct pseudo-realistic intervals from sampled latent and infectious periods by adding the sampled latent period to a an infection delay chosen uniformly from the sampled infectious period:
the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
The atomic-resolution density map 130 enabled us to build nearly all residues of HKU2 spike ectodomains (residues 17-995) 131 except for a few breaks (residues 129-141 and 204-204), as well as 48 N-linked glycans 132 (Supplementary Fig.
Fangcang Hospital hosted over 200 mild symptom patients in each zone during the peak of the COVID-19 outbreak.
This is also supported by our analysis of cellular organism codon usage which showed that the vast majority of organisms with GC3 in the same range as rORF-containing narnaviruses have CUA, UUA and UCA mean codon usage values well above those of the rORFcontaining narnaviruses ( Figure 6B) .
Overlapping regions between BAC clones could 266 potentially represent one or two haplotypes.
For the COVID-19 data in Korea, the symptom onset dates are available for only the first 28 reported cases.
the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
The plasma were diluted to 1000-fold and human monoclonal antibody specific to SARS-CoV-2-RBD generated by our laboratory were diluted to 200 µg/ml into PBS as initial concentration, and serial 3-fold dilutions of sera was added to the wells and incubated at 37°C for 60 minutes.
infection spreads inefficiently, (corresponding to Stage II in Wolfe's classification, see Figure 1 ), (ii) a large outbreak and few stuttering chains of transmission (corresponding to Stage III, see Figure 1 ) and (iii) a single large outbreak consuming a large number of susceptible individuals (corresponding to Stage IV see Figure 1 ).
CC-BY-NC 4.0 International license author/funder.
For example, in the virus diversification time series, the rate of diversification is much steeper in the VDR than in the HCR (Fig.
Rank order correlations in Figure S9 .
With the development of the epidemic, we have to admit the fact that there are still a number of population who are exposed to the COVID-19 without clinical symptoms [18] [19] [20] .
The above discussion focuses on failing sequences, and does not address the validity of passing sequences or the correctness of their annotation.
However, lesions in lobules were detected in 4 -5 days after admission for 5 cases (14.71%) among the patients with normal initial CT image on admission.
Trials with monovalent HRV vaccine demonstrated that protection from 42 homologous challenge and disease can be achieved with formalin-inactivated virus given 43 intramuscularly (i.m.)
Upon entry into infected cells, BCX4430 is rapidly phosphorylated, and the resulting nucleoside triphosphate serves as an RNA chain terminator.
14 We measured life satisfaction with the Satisfaction With Life Scale (SWLS), 15 which consists of five items with a Cronbach's alpha of 0·72.
Cells were kept in incubator at 15 • C at a light:dark cycle of 12:12 h under a cold white LED illumination with an irradiance of about 50 µmol · m −2 · s −1 .
Lancet 2020. is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Read partitions were then assembled using Velvet 31 .
ACE2 is shown as gray cartoon.
8, 9 .According to the recent study of single-cell RNAseq , angiotensin converting enzyme(ACE)2 was highly expressed not only in type II alveolar epithelial cells, but also in bile duct cells.
When k is too small, we infer rapidly and randomly fluctuatingR τ (s) values, 203 which sometimes can deceptively underlie reasonably looking incidence predic-204 tions.
The top five proteins with large IDRs include CD44 antigen (CD44), Serine/arginine repetitive matrix protein 2 (SRRM2), Myristoylated alanine-rich C-kinase substrate (MARCKS), BAG family molecular chaperone regulator 3 (BAG3) and Mitochondrial antiviral-signalling protein (MAVS) (Fig.
As such, these avian hosts are excellent 338 model species for understanding the determinants of virome composition.
This tetraplex allowed the detection and 325
In the previous section, we considered the standard SEIR model, which describes disease spread without any public health interventions.
Building on our in vitro studies, we next validated that our selected clone P4-phage improved transport and uptake in tumors compared to the negative control-phage.
The model performance was moderately better with shorter calibration windows ( Fig 32) and with WHO data (Fig 33) .
For purposes of discussion, we reported the exponentiated form of the mean logarithmic score (the geometric mean of the assigned probabilities) to provide a metric on the scale of 0 (no certainty of the outcome) to 1 (complete certainty of the outcome).
The male-to-female relative risk of 1.65 based on current estimates from China.
Even with the multifaceted features of the SENSR probes, the design process is 288 systematic and straightforward.
For many of the highly destabilising mutations a crystal structure for the mutant has also been solved, and the 30 most stabilising mutations in the database (∆∆G ¡ -5 kcal.mol −1 ) consist of the reverse mutation applied to these structures.
We first obtained the corresponding symptoms from the 6 subjects under observation, then continuously added new symptoms to the online scale as we furthered our understanding of the disease.
1a, 2b) but that the frequency of introductions from Wuhan are also predictive of the size of the epidemic in other provinces (controlling for population size).
Please note that columns 4 and 7 may not sum to one hundred percent because some transcripts contain both 5' non-template adenosines and a cap structure.
As of March 6, 2020, the number of cumulative confirmed cases of COVID-19 has reached 100,000 worldwide, and some countries such as Korea, Japan, Italy, and Iran are also suffering from the rapid spread of COVID-19 [4, 7, 8] .
Most 204 participants (85.7%, n = 3,640) reported that they would seek treatment at the hospital, 205 whereas 42% (n = 1,782) reported that they would seek traditional healing, and 62.4% 550) of participants who were in the quarantine area reported no intention of seeking 215 treatment in the hospital.
The last column in the Table 2 lists the SAscores of our Top 15 anti-2019-nCoV molecules.
The Boltzmann function for simulation is 88 expressed as follows:
Given that our intervention measures target only children and the population of working age, this observation is as expected.
H  o  w  e  v  e  r  ,  l  a  r  g  e  p  o  p  u  l  a  t  i  o  n  s  o  f  t  h  e  l  o  c  a  l  p  a  t  i  e  n  t  c  o  u  l  d  n  o  t  b  e  h  o  s  p  i  t  a  l  i  z  e  d  d  u  e  t  o S  t  e  p  7  d  e  s  c  r  i  b  e  s  t  h  e  d  e  c  a  y  k  i  n  e  t  i  c  s  o  f  t  h  e  a  c  t  i  v  e  v  i  r  a  l  c  a  r  r  i  e  r  t  o  a  n  i  n  a  c  t  i  v  e  v  i  r  a  l  c  a  r  r  i  e  r  .
Our estimated asymptomatic proportion is at 17.9% (95% CrI: 15.5%-20.2%), which overlaps with a recently derived estimate of 33.3% (95% CI: 8.3%-58.3%) from data of Japanese citizens evacuated from Wuhan [13] .
Additionally, a sliding window of 500 bp and steps of 50 1 7 7 bp were used to show nucleotide diversity (π) for the entire alignment this data.
In Drosophila oogenesis, mRNPs are first assembled in the nurse cell nucleus, providing a platform for the formation of larger dynamic assemblies in the cytoplasm, regulating mRNA transport, silencing and localized translation.
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
By summarizing all the death cases, severe-cured cases and moderate-cured cases in our hospital to depict the time-LYM% curve (
Primer sequences are represented in Table 1 .
While these estimates may reflect partial immunity 225 due to prior vaccination or exposure among some of the population (we estimated that around 226 28% of the Angola population had been vaccinated before the YF epidemic; see appendix for 227 calculation details), we assume that the basic reproductive number of a future outbreak in 228 another population would range between 4 and 12 due to varying vector ecology and levels of 229 preexisting immunity in the population.
The corresponding author had full access to all of the data in the study and had responsibility for submission for publication.
First, our study retrospectively included 141 patients with moderate NCP on admission from one single city outside Wuhan.
In all further experiments, we utilized day 3--4 cultures due to difficulty in imaging and quantifying the giant cells.
Amantadine was firstly designed to treat influenza caused by type A influenza viral infection and is being used for Parkinson's disease later on [6] .
The color jittering adjusted brightness (0%±50%) and contrast (0%±30%).
Additionally, the MTK allows for further fine-tuning of a TU in a given range using a collection of five different 3' UTR sequences.
The mild clinical symptom were mild with no pulmonary inflammation on imaging.
On 31 st December 2019, a pneumonia case of unknown etiology from Wuhan City, Hubei Province, China was reported to the World Health Organization (WHO), which was later confirmed as a novel coronavirus and named '2019-nCoV' [1] (renamed as 'COVID-19' after one month [2] ).
While, severe patients obviously manifested more prominent abnormalities, suggesting multiple organ dysfunction and poor outcomes.
Personal, clinical, laboratory, and radiological characteristics and treatment and outcomes information were obtained with standardized data collection forms from electronic medical records.
Corn substrate was prepared using dried corn kernels (Zea mays).
The coronavirus disease 2019 has emerged at the end of year 2019 2 from Wuhan, a city in China, as a new infectious disease [1, 2] .
On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the current novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) epidemic a Public Health Emergency of International Concern [1] .
The results suggest that only 50.11% of the detectable viral templates left after the inactivation progress of incubation at 56 o C for 30 minutes and only 3.36% of the detectable viral templates left after the inactivation progress of incubation at 92 o C for 5 minutes.
The other common complication is hyperglycemia [19] ; therefore, continual blood glucose monitoring is recommended, and antidiabetic agents should be used when necessary.
The 3D lung mask of each CT volume was obtained by testing the trained 2D UNet frame-by-frame without using any temporal information.
CC-BY 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Their results showed high consistency, which further confirmed the accuracy and robustness of the essential gene sets (Fraser 2015) .
In contrast, a recent study on Singapore's COVID-19 transmission Singapore and all Chinese provinces except Hubei (31, 32) .
We found that viruses evolved in closely related hosts were more similar to each other than 148 viruses that evolved in more distantly related species.
author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Where T1 represents consecutive tracts of Guanine that can be any number from 2-7, X is any nucleotide (A, T, G, C), L1, L2, L3 represents the variable loop region and can be any number from 1-7.
10.20021584 doi: medRxiv preprint hospital or home isolation.
This paper reconsiders the task of regularization based on the observation that common iterative refinement algorithms often systematically under-fit and over-fit different regions of a 3D structure, simultaneously.
117 The FMDV replicon plasmids, pRep-ptGFP, and the replication-defective polymerase mutant 118 control, 3D-GNN, have already been described (10).
5, 6 The large patient surge overwhelmed hospitals, despite continuous efforts to expand hospital capacity.
A: Non-covalent molecular docking model of SARS-CoV-2 3CL pro (brown surface) with the bound lead compound #46 (magenta sticks).
The model found that the basic reproduction number in Iran before the control was 4.0 and after the control was 0.2.
In the crystal structures the basic and acidic residues appear to be involved in a network of inter-and intra-domain salt bridge interactions which stabilise the core of the homodimer.
TLR2 is induced by [266] .
The processing of dsRNA to siRNAs is done by a complex protein, Dicer, together with double stranded RNA binding proteins [18] .
Nevertheless, Vogel and Kopun themselves favored a mutational explanation (see hypothesis 3 on p.
The incremental benefit of individual quarantine over active monitoring was minimal in this scenario, requiring hundreds or thousands of suspected contacts to be quarantined to avert one infection beyond active monitoring alone.
In total, the dataset contained 9,496 viruses, including 1,309 human viruses.
This article is a US Government work.
Poly-IC treatment conditions were selected to produce cleavage of 28S rRNA in the conventional end-point assay using cell disruption 22 .
As a place famous for tourism, Yunnan has a large number of imported cases, and the incidence level is in the middle of the whole country.
These aim to simulate disease management strategies where, given practical strategies such as resource allocation and response time, a staggered or combined response is more likely to be implemented.
Novel genes are expected to have less extreme codon bias than ancestral genes due to evolutionary inertia [35] , [40] .
However, before this interpretation can be accepted, we note that the side chain of arginine is more than twice the volume of the full cysteine side chain(26) (see Fig.
Secondly, the influence of some 296 important factors, such as socioeconomic and demographic characteristics, were not 297 considered.
In CH-CDF plot of the proteins of (D) SARS-CoV-2 (E) Human SARS and (F) Bat CoV, the Y coordinate of each protein spot signifies distance of corresponding protein from the boundary in CH plot and the X coordinate value corresponds to the average distance of the CDF curve for the respective protein from the CDF boundary.
In both cases, we used Bayesian methods to infer parameter estimates and obtain credible intervals.