Different from a previous 71 famous beta coronavirus in 2003, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 72 (SARS-CoV) (Ksiazek et al., 2003; Kuiken et al., 2003; Drosten et al., 2003) China.
Due to gene overlap between top 50 differentially expressed L1000 genes in seed gene knockdown signatures, this resulted in the clustering of expression data for 260 L1000 genes.
For those who had been released their cases are being followed up for 2 weeks, and further information can be learnt from these individuals.
After filtering those detected in <3% of subjects, and those for which neither genus or species was discernable, 148 OTUs were used for analysis.
Table 2 shows the baseline physical observations, with seven patients (10%) having a temperature of 37.5° or greater on assessment.
The coverage cutoff if 355 dictated by the "-spadesMinCoverage" and "-spadesMinKmerCoverage" parameters, set to 2 by 356 default.
Number of cases in the Province of Bergamo (red) and Lodi (green) as of March 13, 2020
No explicit power analyses were used in designing the experiments.
For those few low coverage samples for which we did not obtain > 200,000 reads, we performed all analyses using all available reads unless otherwise noted (Supplementary Table  3 ).
Wuhan city has a population of 11 million people 10 , but during the Chinese New Year as many as 5 million residents leave the city, and 70% of those who leave travel within Hubei province 11 , with the risk of significant spread of the disease within China, and especially across Hubei province, during the Chinese New Year period.
In (a), two colinear lattice sites share the same row but not the same column (or vice versa).
Materials) the two proteins had large sequence inserts.
For each of these outbreaks, predicting both the epidemic potential and the most likely number of cases is critically important for responding efficiently and effectively.
Detailed descriptions for building the human protein-protein interactome are provided in our previous studies [12, 86, 87] .
MANKYQVIDSLWSETYEYQFAYFGHPYKNVQDLKKAHQRNRAAFVLKYLGPNFQVPAFGPVFRYTTKPGI *******:************ *****:*:*****.
For example, human recombinant ACE2 has been proposed as a treatment and is under clinical trial for COVID-19 35 .
Solving the compartmental model, we obtained final epidemic sizes for various reproduction numbers and control efforts (see Figure 1 ), providing upper bounds for the cumulative number of cases C outside Hubei.
This protein is disordered under the reducing conditions of the cytosol, in which it is synthesized, and its disordered nature is essential for its diffusion across the mitochondrial outer membrane [14, 32, 33] .
We did add adapters to probe sequences in V WAFR , V ZC , and V MM (designed to be 100 nt and synthesized with CustomArray); we used two sets of adapters (20 bases on each end), selected by CATCH for each probe to minimize probe overlap as described above.
Hence, trypsin 15 and SPINT2 were added to the growth medium of cells infected with A/X31 H3N2.
void area %) of CF sputum samples.
CC-BY-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
The current theoretical estimation of the number of infected people in China is in good agreement with the raw number of infected people in the period from January 23, 2020 to February 10, 2020.
This may be because most of these initial cases in Shanghai had a history of exposure in Wuhan (63.6%), and the disease thereafter appeared in a family cluster pattern.
Serine at position 11, as well as the adjacent associated amino acids at position 10 -13, are located in the bottom of the antigen-binding groove of the HLA-DRB1 protein (Figure 2) , suggesting that different peptide-binding preferences of HLA-DRB1 may confer risk for developing uveitis.
1c) , we varied only the mismatches (m) and cover extension (e) parameters using the values shown.
As travel restrictions within China are being gradually lifted, we suggest that workplace hygiene should be taken serious care in the next month or two.
Mutagenic regions are highlighted in pink, non-mutated coding regions are highlighted in blue, BsmBI sites are highlighted in green.
Symptomatic cases were isolated and treated at designated hospitals regardless of test results.
Therefore, to some extent, the time to Speedmax demonstrates the effectiveness of strategies on inhibiting the spread of virus.
Some such encoded proteins are involved in tumor 231 immune evasion (36) and progression of viral (37) and protozoan parasitic infections (12), 232 suggesting that eIF4A-dependent translation may contribute to herein observed changes in 233 translational efficiencies (Fig 1) .
NMB is highly modularized due to: 1) the creation of dynamic agent "Capsules" that interact with their environments through input/output interfaces (more below) and 2) allowing these agents to move over a heterogeneous resource landscape.
Given that there were 157 different amino acid usage biases among different genes (Supplementary Figure S3) , we 158 performed correspondence analyses of these genes separately.
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
The protocol was adapted from (Moore et al., 2014) using adapters and PCR oligonucleotides described in (Kilchert et al., 2015) .
In this study, we demonstrated that the CasRx system could efficiently target RNA for knockdown in hepatocytes, providing a robust method to inactivate genes in polyploid cells in vivo.
55 In summary, our data has identified multiple candidate pathways 393 that link IRF7 hi and IRF7 lo exacerbation responses with expression of respiratory symptoms, 394 and these pathways represent logical candidates for future drug development programs.
There was no significant increase in inflammatory indexes and mild clinical symptoms in 26 patients, all of them were mild and common type cases, no severe pneumonia cases and death cases, and the outcome was similar to that of SARS.
Further, flat bottom black polystyrol 96-well plates (Greiner) were used for fluorescence applications.
The low detection rate coupled with an average lag of 10 days between infection and detection (6) suggest that newly infected persons who traveled out of Wuhan just before the quarantine might have remained infectious and undetected in dozens of cities in China for days to weeks.
There is also a growing interest in the use of biomaterials for local modulation of engineered T cell activity in vivo during the course of treatment 1 .
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
6) from 1 (resource extraction 228 inefficiencies due to self and others are proportional to the total biomass of all agents in 229 cells) to 0 (inefficiencies arise only from self) or increase it to 10 (inefficiencies increase 230 ten fold for each competitor in the cell, presumably due to territorial conflicts) then we 231 see a small decrease in the oscillation frequency in the former case (compare plots Fig.
Based on this overlap, we performed a targeted drug re-purposing screen with 35 of these 48 compounds (Table S1) to check for antiviral activity against and HCV, which is part of the hvPPI and human metapneumovirus (HMPV) which is not in the hvPPI.. We tested 35 broadspectrum-antivirals against GFP-expressing HMPV NL/1/00 strain (de Graaf et al.
The quarantine functions are predefined and will be treated as known functions of protocols/policies in the estimation and 9 All rights reserved.
IFIT1/mRNA interaction was monitored by inhibition of primer extension using avian myeloblastosis virus reverse transcriptase (2.5 U) (Promega) and a 32 P-labelled primer in the presence of 4 mM MgCl2 and 0.5 mM dNTPs.
16 steel needle, and then were intravenously injected with PA (with 2.5 × 10 9 CFU/kg) at 24 h after CLP surgery ( Figure 1a ) .
We have previously shown that the S1/S2 site can be modeled in other CoV S proteins and it appears to organize as author/funder.
We present a comparison of the near real-time ProMED/HealthMap data with the retrospective WHO data and the results of the spatio-temporal analysis carried out on these three data sources.
CONCLUSIONS There are limited data on the impact of the current COVID-19 outbreak on women affected in pregnancy and their babies.
The decrease in blood lymphocytes might be due to the recruitment of reactive lymphocytes in the lungs.
Several efforts have been made to estimate the case numbers using different modelling approaches, and the estimates range from 1732 to 4000 during the period of 17-20 January [7, 8, 9] .
In patients 80 infected with 2019-nCoV, OX40 expression increased remarkably on CD4 + T cells, especially 81 in severe ICU patients (Fig.1a, b) .
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
S2 in Appendix).
During the G1 and G2 out-crossing generations of the CC, mean litter size was lower for crosses involving wild-derived strains, CAST, PWK and WSB (Philip et al.
Instead of one, if two unrelated people were infected by December 1 st , the 95% CI would be (291, 318) on January 1 st , significantly larger than the expected 177 cases.
a-b illustrate the structure of the phenomenological metapopulation model used in [124] , where the reaction-commuting processes couple two typical subpopulations x,y.
As expected, both correlations were significant (r = 0.826, P = 0.005 and r = -0.857, P = 0.003, respectively; in both cases 5 d.f.)
Model assumes interventions begin at a cumulative case count of 1,000, a low feasibility setting, , and a .2 R 0 = 2 mean serial interval of 4.8 days.
Before January 19, the number of severe cases, remained at a low level but increased steadily since January 20 ( Figure 1D ).
early vs. late epidemic).
Autodocking was performed by using multithread tasks by our in-house script, and potential molecules were screening out by a Perl program author/funder.
S5C ), we conclude the brighter RNA signal is not a tagging artifact, but instead represents a propensity for frameshifting sites to associate with other translating RNA in higher-order complexes reminiscent of "translation factories" (Morisaki et al., 2016; Pichon et al., 2016) .
Library preparation Phi6-WT, phi6-E8G and G515S were raised on their most recent host to obtain high-titer lysates, as described above.
Meanwhile, some works [6, 15] overview the characteristics, exposure history, and illness timelines of confirmed cases.
The Simple Search option is to retrieve information using a text-based query on all/selected fields of the database.
By selectively performing pairwise analyses across different sampling intervals, we observed the number of detected infections to decay with decreased sampling frequency (Fig S2) .
Moreover, BirA* alone and BirA*-X-ORF 297 fusion proteins efficiently biotinylated numerous cellular proteins ( Figure S5B ).
CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
This can be explained by the rather high mismatch rate that remains after LoRDEC correction (partly due to the insertion of false SNPs from SRs sequencing errors, Supplementary Table 1C) .
However, our study found dexmedetomidine (deeper plane of anesthesia) was associated with more awake-like bladder responses compared to GABA-ergic agonists with a lighter plane of anesthesia.
However, traditional structure-based methods are limited when three-dimensional (3D) structures of proteins are unavailable, which, unfortunately, is the case for the majority of human and viral targets.
For example, the ratio of human SARS-CoV Tor2 to bat SARS-like CoVs LYRa11 was 4.81; that ratio of human MERS-CoV EMC2012 to bat SARS-like CoVs RSA2011 was 2.80; that ratio of human coronavirus 229E to bat coronavirus HKU2 was 4.55.
For this phenotype, the following model was employed, with the term to control for the pre-treatment value excluded, as follows:
Each of the clusters corresponds to different Chinese airports as main source of entry risk (pie charts of Figure 4 ).
29, 30 In vitro studies have demonstrated that remdesivir inhibits SARS-CoV-2 replication in non-human cells.
However, in theory, artificial intelligence (AI)-based architectures must be taken into account in order to accurately predict drug-target interactions (DTIs).
We failed even to complement conditional mutations in the gene of yeast ABD1, a nuclear cap methyltransferase, with K2Orf3p targeted to the yeast nucleus.
50 Future investigations are needed to evaluate the full range of -1PRF effectors and how these are potentially exploited for regulatory purposes.
10 SPINT2 demonstrates greater advantage over other inhibitors of host proteases such as e.g.
The individual counts and p-values for the analyses are listed in (Supplementary Tables   2-5 ).
This study has several limitations.
The obtained Zika model only has 0.13 Å of rootmean-square-distance (RMSD) of heavy atoms from the Dengue complex.
As soon as rosettes and swimming cells 540
Second, the risk of superspreading events could be similar to SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV, but is unlikely to be higher.
With the rapid spreading speed of R0 3.28, there is a heavy pres-sure for hospital assistant diagnosis, as some infected individuals without any symptoms could still transfer the virus to others (2) .
Importantly, knockdown of CEACAM1 expression 373 All rights reserved.
Preference for a state at a node was considered statistically significant only if Log BF exceeded 2 (86) .
S2 and S3 respectively for various hole radii and pitches.
The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) first emerged in Wuhan, China in the end of 2019 and spread to more than 60 foreign countries as of 1 March 2020 [1] .
Some discrepancies were seen compared 266 to blood smear readings, with false positive smears probably due to errors in slide reading, a 267 common problem in African clinics [34] , and false negative smears due to the expected greater 268 sensitivity of mNGS for identification of P. falciparum.
Value of the observed ρ or WNODF is depicted with a vertical dashed line.
This of particular 43 importance not only for the size of its population, but also for being the main hub of arrival and 44 departure from the country.
RNA concentration on suspended SWNTs was determined by measuring the amount of RNA in flow-through solutions after each spinfilter step via absorbance at 260 nm, and subtracting the total amount of free RNA washed from the total amount of RNA added.