Analysis of conditioned media 177 from A549 cells showed approximately 2% of Sia was 9-O-Ac on secreted proteins with 178 no 7,9-O-Ac detected, indicating that at least in these cells, secreted proteins were not 179 enriched for O-acetylated Sia (Supplemental Fig.
Previously, we generated various recombinant versions of stable sub-complexes of the 146 human kinetochore, and demonstrated that they could be used to reconstitute large parts of 147 the kinetochore and of the spindle assembly checkpoint (SAC) in vitro (1, 28, 31, 32) .
Three of the eight chemotherapeutics that map to an overlapping drug-response QTL and were potentially mediated by scb-1 were validated using targeted deletion strains.
Knockdown of six of the 28 candidate genes strongly reduced (>70%) the delivery of 2 R to the nucleus and cytosol: these genes include VPS39, SCAMP5, PXN, PIGW, MS4A4A, and LYPLA1 ( Figure  3B ).
At the 20 th day after illness onset, the dynamic curves of neutrophil proportion, NLR, lymphocyte proportion, and CD4 + T lymphocyte count tended to meet (P>0.05), except those of CD8 + T lymphocytes and T lymphocyte counts (P<0.05) (Figure 2 ).
Additionally, we present the CSSE cloud of the human receptor gene DPP4 of the MERS virus (see right panel in Figure 1 ).
Under our fitted disease natural history parameters for serial interval scenario 2, with a mean serial interval of 7.5 days and hence a low amount of presymptomatic transmission, we found that both active monitoring and individual quarantine effectively reduced the expected number of secondary cases per contact below one.
CC-BY-NC 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
After profiling the community at several taxonomic levels, it was observed that an 243 archaean community core remained almost intact in time (April 2016-February 2017).
R is the recombination rate per nucleotide per replication event.
We further estimated that the total infected population size in Wuhan was approximately 4,100 (CI: 2,423 to 6,178) on January 18, which is remarkably consistent with a recently posted estimate (7) .
In summary, we have identified a key trigger for dynamic kinetochore expansion that involves SAC-All rights reserved.
150 mM NaCl, 1% Igepal, 0.5% sodium deoxycholate, 0.1% SDS) with protease inhibitor 541 cocktail (P8340, Sigma) and lysed at 4°C for 1 hour with gentle agitation, followed by passing 542 All rights reserved.
Initial symptomatic cases were then isolated after symptom onset with a delay drawn from the onset-to-isolation distribution (Table 1) .
We observed a significant increase in Aβ42 accumulation in the hippocampi and cortices of HSV-1 infected mice 48h post infection (Fig.
In other types of innate lymphocytes, IL-33 can stimulate IL-5 and IL-13 expression 19 .
Furthermore, we assume that each individual wash their hands on average between 4-10 times per day 41 which means that in a 24-hour timeframe one event of hand washing takes place every 2.5-6 hours.
A wide negative peak between 200 nm to 230 nm observed in the CD spectrum (Figure 2d ) is characteristic of amyloid-like fibrils including typical β-sheet signals at negative at 218 nm and α-helix negative bands at 208 nm and 222 nm.
A standard curve was produced in cells treated with ionophores in calibrated pH buffers.
Interestingly, all the CoV viruses known to use ACE2 as entry receptor are within the clade I, including the 2019-nCoV, which can also infect cells through ACE2 receptor-based on recent studies 22 (Fig.
f) The K v 1.2 channel at least has an increase in water density at the gate when an ion is present.
Instead of normalizing the number of common fragments plus root losses s by the size of the smaller tree min{n 1 , n 2 }, we use s/n 1 + s/n 2 (6) as the normalized score; by this, we slightly penalize large trees, as having common fragments or root losses is more likely against a large than a small tree.
These residues bind to the influenza virus and the reovirus [44] and these particular sialic acids are expressed on the surface envelope glycoproteins (B, D and H) of the herpes simplex virion, and are required for viral entry into cells [45] .
For ease of readability, some p-values were also not explicitly listed, but rather the level at which they were significant is simply indicated by asterisks and colorcoding.
While a furin site at S1/S2 is quite common in 141 betacoronaviruses (e.g.
Intriguingly, both FP subdomains required calcium cations (Ca 2+ ) to exert their function in membrane entry and fusion.
The killer virus encodes 233 only a single protein, a secreted toxin referred to as the killer toxin [19, 55, 56] .
Further tracking the genome mutations with additional strains of 2019-nCoV isolated from patients in 20 different locations at different time points will provide insights to understand the molecular evolution of this rapid spreading viruses.
3C , the Zika NS2B-NS3pro efficiently cleaved Bz-nKRR-AMC, but unexpectedly showed very weak activity on other two.
Of the 5 selected genes in SC1 and SC2, none were significantly upregulated in IFN-treated .
Clear bars (and circles) are control groups and hashed bars (and triangles) are IL6 treated.
The 299 gamma approximation of the generation interval distribution has been widely used due to its 300 simplicity (31; 6; 32; 33; 34); we previously thought that summarizing the entire distribution 301 with two moments (mean and variance) is sufficient to understand the role of generation-302 interval distributions in linking r and R (13).
have profiled single-cell gene expression of airway epithelium from nasal brushing, bronchial biopsy, and turbinate 7 .
Two models were fit to the data (one with and one without siRNA) and were compared using a F-test (with the anova function) to determine statistical significance.
In addition, we also identify countries whose reported number of imported cases from Wuhan is less than the 5 th percentile of the posterior predictive distribution of our imported case estimates (Table 1) , suggesting under-detected cases imported from Wuhan in these countries or territories.
Nsp1 is not itself a nuclease, but it binds the 40S ribosome 180 and causes it to stall on the mRNA, thus activating cleavage of the mRNA by an as yet 181 unknown cellular endonuclease via a mechanism reminiscent of no-go decay [47, 48] .
Each province except Hubei officially published the daily update of case descriptions of COVID-19.
In contrast, while Xrn1 halts preferentially at the adjacent SL1 in 117 ZIKV strain PRVABC59 (17), we found only a much more modest peak in read 5′ end mappings 118 at the SL1 site (nucleotide position 10394).
Disease caused by the infection is now designated coronavirus infected disease 2019, or COVID-19.
The sequence of the preS1 L protein binding NTCP is constituted by a stretch of predominantly hydrophobic aminoacids (residues 2-48) and, within this stretch, there is a highly conserved motif (9-NPLGF(F/L)P-15) that is essential for binding (3) .
Mixing is presumably influenced directly by human behavior and has been 292 shown to be highly unpredictable, largely dependent on the local context and the spatial and 293 temporal scale (Yang et al.
Using the cell type expressing ACE2 as ligand-secreting cells, we calculated the total number of interactions with each receptor-secreting cell type.
The CC panel contains mouse lines 27 derived from a funnel breeding scheme of eight founder strains, including 5 traditional lab 28 strains and 3 wild-derived strains (Churchill et al., 2004; Collaborative Cross Consortium, 2012; 29 UNC Systems Genetics Core Facility, 2012) .
We have consciously chosen this approach, because lncRNAs have diverse genomic contexts, reveal various functions and act in different biological mechanisms [65] [66] [67] .
When analysed by SEC-MALS two peaks corresponding to IFIT2 and IFIT3 homodimers were clearly separated ( Figure 2B , grey dotted line).
ROC AUC, PR AUC, and some key operating points were used to assess the deep learning algorithm.
We optimized the value of the unique read penalty parameter and we achieved the best results with the thetaPrior parameter set within the range 10-100.
GWAS were performed using PLINK 1.9 31 using an additive logistic regression model, correcting for the top two principal components and sex.
The within-group selection gradient is the expected value of ∆w.
17%, p<0.001).
It is enough to drive down the outbreak, thus initially reducing mortality the most.
The I-BAR domain of human IRSp53 (residues 1-250) was cloned by using site directed mutagenesis to introduce a stop codon at residue 251 in the pGex6P2 plasmid containing full-length IRSp53.
The infected in MSEIR model shows a much stronger temperature dependence and decreases rapidly with temperature changing from 0 to 60 • C, while the infected in MSIR model just decreases a little bit with temperature.
increases with R0 and differs by disease (Figs 2C-D) .
There were two patients with alcoholic liver disease, one of them had moderate elevation of ALT (120U/L) within one week after admission, the other one had no liver injury.
The library is a collection of phage presenting cysteine-constrained random 7-mer peptides (denoted as CX7C) on the surface of the T7 gp10 capsid.
Results vary widely across other parameter settings, and amongst simulations from a given setting (Table 1) , with higher R and lower CFR leading to higher estimates of the numbers of cases.
The previous equations reduce to
The length distributions of RNASeq reads were much broader, in line with the size of the gel slice excised for sequencing of fragmented RNA.
a dispersion of 0.3).
We assumed this was due to inter-country variation in case detection and reporting rates.
Further, we passaged in the presence of KLK13 (Fig.
Expressed proteins per taxa are extracted according to the taxonomic classification and digested peptides with a minimum length of six amino acids are prepared using trypsin digestion 58 .
Both bioaerosol and surface samples are collected longitudinally at select community crosssectional and prospective childcare cohort sites.
Wild-type mice injected with the same virus served as a control ("control group", n=8).
All Pectobacterium species clustered together.
Altogether, these observations indicate that ZIKV does not induce 179 significant disease in any of the 13 CC lines tested.
However, the epidemic out of China may just begin.
For isolated sea anemone cilia, we analyzed whole cilia from sucrose gradient fractions 165 containing peak levels of TUB ac from two individual embryo cultures ( Figure 1E , fractions 6 and 166 7).
The genetic composition of the animal was included as a blocking 291 effect.
We have very low sample size and the gene signature may fluctuate to a higher or lower number of genes based on the sample size, statistical tests, and multiple testing correction methods.
An ideal vaccine of highly conserved immunodominant B and T lymphocyte epitopes with a wide global population coverage design against Cryptococcus neoformans var.
In Figure 7B we show the effect that different percentages of new isolated cases would have on the size of the outbreak.
The basic principles of corticosteroid formulations selection lie in the following two aspects: a short half-life and strong penetrating ability.
The loss of the 62kDa PARP2 signal in cells cultured in SF medium prompted us 272 to undertake a more detailed investigation on the relationship between serum treatment and 273 the levels of PARP2 (Fig.
The 5' ends of plasmid mRNAs resemble the organization of intermediate and late vaccinia virus mRNAs (75, 76) , late cowpox virus mRNAs (77) and even some plant mRNAs (78) that also contain non-templated poly(A)
For all three aligners, we kept default parameters suggested for ONT data by their respective authors.
In late December, 2019, an atypical pneumonia case, caused by a virus called COVID-19, was first reported and confirmed in Wuhan, China.
Briefly, HDL isolated by ultracentrifugation from EDTA plasma is introduced into the gas-phase ions by ESI.
1A) , confirming the validity of the approach and the data.
Microbial fitness effects may be more amenable to analysis with canonical kin and multilevel selection theory when performance outcomes are measured for individual cells or virions, or over shorter timescales, where fitness effects are expected to be weaker.
It is worth noting that AVAN binds TRIM25 and facilitates IFN 394 expression in mice.
Absence of fever in 2019-nCoV ARD is more frequent than in SARS-CoV (1%) and MERS-CoV infection (2%) [19] and such patients may be missed if the surveillance case definition focused heavily on fever detection [14] .
Figure S8 depicts the population composition (left panel) and the expected deaths in the population (right panel), this time for Italy versus South Korea (top panel) and Italy versus the United Kingdom.
In this study, infectious period is defined as the time difference between date of infection and date of diagnosis as there is strong evidence showing that a diseased individual remains contagious even during the incubation period, and would be immediately isolated upon positive diagnosis hence losing the transmissibility.
In addition, primer Tm and length can also be fine-tuned to harmonize the amplification reaction conditions [16, 17] .
The middle figure in each panel shows the reproduction number used to make forecasts over each 6 week forecast horizon.
Transmembrane protease serine 2 (TMPRSS2) is a serine protease that hydrolyzes and activates the spike glycoproteins of human coronavirus 229E (HCoV-229E), human coronavirus EMC (HCoV-EMC), Sendai virus (SeV) and human interstitial pneumovirus (HMPV), and 1,2,3 fusion glycoproteins of F0, 4a, and 4b human parainfluenza viruses (HPIV) [17, 18] .
We will refer to these 8 data sets as 8 studies, although they correspond to 7 publications, one of which (Domingo-Calap, et al.
Note that some users may have returned to Wuhan before traveling outbound again.
This result demonstrates that, under appropriate conditions, steric pressure among crowded disordered domains is sufficient to overcome the structure-based curvature preference of the I-BAR scaffold.
Do not use hard tabs, and limit use of hard returns to only one return at the end of a paragraph.